Second, any changes in the puff parameters of the
Commission's testing methodology would not result in
more "reliable" numbers or numbers that better reflect
the actual delivery of "tar" and nicotine to any
particular individual. The only result of such
changes would be different numbers. Consumers would
still receive differing deliveries of "tar" and
nicotine, both differing between smokers and differing
between individual cigarettes smoked by the same
person. Thus, we feel that the only appropriate
response to the problem of "smoker compensation," if
any is needed, is to remind consumers, as the Commis~
sion itself has said, that the current FTC cigarette
delivery rankings are intended only as a means of
judging relative "tar" and nicotine rankings among
competing brands of cigarettes, and not as a means of
determining actual intake by individual smokers.

If the Commission is going to publish "tar" and
nicotine numbers, those numbers should of course give
reliable, relative rankings. This is especially true
where for two and one-half years an incorrect number
published by the Commission has been used to confuse
consumers. Therefore, we close by urging again that
the Commission immediately move to correct the inac-
curacy of its system in comparatively measuring
cigarettes using "bypass" filters.

Very truly yours,

Samuel B. Witt, III
SBW: rym

 

GLih 99â‚¬0S