Iv.

Warehouse
The number of containers sampled this month are as follows:

Audit - 199 containers
TLA - 165 containers

A physical inventory was conducted at Alleghany #6 this month.

Miscellaneous

The 1990 Second Revised Budget Forecast - Fixed Manufacturing
for TLA was entered into the On-Line Budget System and
submitted to QA management on May 1, 1990. The 1990 Second
Revised Capital Forecast for TLA was also submitted to QA
management on May 9, 1990.

TQAF personnel met with Tom Meadows (Leaf) to discuss Oriental
leaf sampling and testing protocols.

B. Jeter and R. Grizzel went to the Bermuda Facility with IS
personnel to see how they were using their Beckman system and
check out the possibility of using custom reports to track the
progress of in-process work.

Mr. G. Eigenbrod requested that soluble ammonia and nitrate
nitrogen results be reported on all export blend samples
submitted for him, in addition to the normal total alkaloids
and reducing sugars data he has been receiving.

R. Gtizzel, C. Gunn, D. Lenk, and F. Owen were given a tour of
a ship loaded with Oriental leaf tobacco on May 29, 1990. PM's
warehouse personnel explained the process and procedures used
to remove the tobacco from the ships, and the steps required to
place it in warehouses.

A difference between Product Audit and TLA firmness data was
found this month. It appears that humidity conditions differ
between the two labs, and are effecting the firmness results.
The data were graphed and sent to Ron Gilman to see if the
Standards Group can help bring the labsâ€™ humidity levels closer
together.

REG/bjb

cc:

Cc. E. Agee -- -
R. A. Fenner _
M. D. Young

0044T176

PZSTESOSOS