10/9/90 CC: CTR STAFF

Michael J. Brennan, M.D.

Roth, J.A.
#2903

This well wriczten proposal from an experienced clinical investigator
proposes to do an exhaustive exploration of the hypothesis that TGF-alpha
produced by NSCLC cells is bound by the EGF-R present in increased
quantity on many such cells to complete an autocrine growth stimulatory
loop.

The methods to be employed are advanced immunological,
cell-biological, and molecular biological methods. The studies employ
cell cultures, nude mouse implantations, molecular genetic techniques and
monoclonal antibody production along with DNA transfections utilizing
sense and antisense sequences.

Ready access so lung cancer operative specimens is available and
specially derived cell-lines and DNA constructs are at hand. Availability
of the mutated K-ras oncogene which exhibits a point mutation in about
half the tested cases of adenocarcinoma of the lung enabled the author and
his associates to clone this K-ras in an antisense orientation in the
APr-l-neo expression vector.

Consequently, it will be possible to determine whether the
growth-stimulatory effect of TGF-alpha on NSCLC cells is dependent on the
presence of an alzered K-ras product as well as to determine whether the
TGF-alpha/EGF-R interaction fulfills all the criteria for proving that an
autocrine loop exists in NSCLC.

The author's intellectual and scholarly command of his topic is
manifest in the proposal. His own laboratory background appears to be in
immunology when judged by his listed publications. The only closely
related manuscrip: is a preprint of which Dr. Roth is the principal
author.

Dr. Fang did ais undergraduate work at National Taiwan University in
chemistry and toox his master's in that field at Carnegie Mellon and a
doctorate in Bio-organic Chemistry at West Virginia. He came to M.D.
Anderson in 1988. His bibliography is very limited.

CTR-CONFIDENTIAL SUBJECT TO P.O. INUS v. PM ET AL. 99CV2496 (SCIENTIFIC PEER-REVIEW MATERIAL)