L-Glutamine, given orally to rats for 30 days at 4.0, 6.0, and
10.0 g/kg/day, had no significant effect on hematology, blood
chemistry, histopathology, organ or organ weights. A slight but
significant growth rate reduction was observed in male mice at all
three dose levels but there was no effect on growth rates of

females at any dose level.

L-Glutamine did not produce mutagenicity in the E. coli K-12 uvrB
assay, a model for the production of "spontaneous" mutations
induced by DNA damage produced during normal metabolism. It has
been reported that L-glutamine was not embryotoxic in the rabbit
but did produce embryotoxic effects during the second half of
pregnancy when fed to rats during the 14-20th days of gestation.
In an in vitro test that identifies teratogens by their ability to
inhibit the growth of an establised line of human embryonic
palatal mesenchymal cells, L-glutamine produced no inhibition up
to 1.0 mM. L-Glutamine was studied for its effect on
nondisjunction (the failure of chromosomal separation and
segregation) during maturation of mammalian oocytes in vitro. In
porcine oocytes, L-glutamine increased the incidence of ,
nondisjunction at concentrations of 0.5 to 10.0 mM and a similiar
effect was observed in hamster and denuded humster oocytes at
concentrations of 3.0 mM and 4.0 mM, respectively. In rat
oocytes, the incidence of nondisjunction was not increased

significantly over a concentration range of Q0-12.0 mM. _

1
te

36661158

1