Page Three

 

Condition Letter - 4Â° Quarter 1998

Area 5

COMPETITIVE SALES TRENDS {Cont'd}

Doral -

Eclipse -

PHILIP MORRIS

Marlboro -

Merit -

Benson & Hedges /
Virginia Slims -

Sales continue to be strong in Area 5. Reductions in
promotion value early this quarter reduced sales increases.
Price protection ($4.50) after the manufacturer's increase
was well received and helped regain business from brands
that previously had a greater discount, such as Maverick.
Menthol sales are very strong in developed Menthol
Markets.

Distribution remains limited to tobacco specialty shops
around the Atlanta Market. Repeat sales are very limited.

Marlboro Parent sales are even to up slightly across the
Area. The Full Flavor 100 pack redesign has been very
well received. The Lights show continued growth,
especially on Light Box, which is the preferred brand of
young adult smokers. The Ultra Lights have established an
excellent sales base that is growing. Many Marlboro Ultra
Lights smokers previously smoked Marlboro Lights.
Marlboro Menthol sales are increasing with growth coming
mostly from general market calls, which had heavy
promotional and POS support during the quarter. New
Marlboro Menthol Box 100 has excellent distribution and
good trial continues due to promoted product. The holiday
$4.50 promotion enjoyed high levels of exposure at retail,
helping drive sales through year-end.

Sales remain flat with minimal retail support, Negative
comments have been received on the Ultima pack change.
Customers now confuse Ulira Lights with Ultimas,

Sales remain level to down slightly, except in highly
developed Menthol areas of Region 5 where B&H Menthol
shows a limited growth pattern.