>

ene eR

A DIVISION OF LOEWS THEATRES, INC. - 2525 EAST MARKET STREET, GREENSBORO, NORTH CAROLINA. 27401

March 12, 1982
CONFIDENTIAL

TO: Mr. J. R. Ave
Dr. A. W. Spears

FROM: S. T. Jones

SUBJECT: “MINUTES OF MARCH 10, 1982 P.D.C. MEETING

The following paragraphs summarize our discussions:

1. SALES REVIEW - Our 1981 experience with the A.I.D. program
and a comparison of it with the newly announced Philip Morris
program were discussed. Other competitive activities reviewed
included Brown and Williamson's Plan I Bonus program and
additional give-aways; R. J. Reynold's seemingly endless spending
spree including the 10% bonus for exclusive Plan II's, the K-Mart

exclusive pack sales deal, and increased payments for out-of-
home.

2. ESTABLISHED BRANDS - Advertising flighting schedules for all
brands were reviewed. The decision to promote NEWPORT RED in
two, rather than the previously. announced: six markets, was an-
nounced; as was the upgrading of Florida, Texas, and California
to core status on NEWPORT parent later this year. Also reviewed
were the new promotion plans for parent KENT utilizing the
spring-summer-fall events.

Discussions on TRUE centered mainly on the application of the
laser technology and the apparent success of the new marketing

‘activities. The GOLDEN LIGHTS ULTRA and MAX SLIM LIGHTS projects
were reviewed.

3. NEW BRANDS - Heritage has been withdrawn from the Jackson
market; support will continue in Lexington where a 0.47% S.0O.M.
currently exists. REBEL continues to perform very well in Erie
and fair in Roanoke. Possibilities of a box packing and also a
metro area test will be two topics for discussion at the "next-
steps" meeting to be held in three or four weeks. An up-date is
attached.

The SATIN CONCEPT/PRODUCT TEST results were reviewed and
everything looks extremely promising for this brand.

TOS9vL28

ESATA ren ery sere

ae ett w derma Mai EER ORT ott ROOD cnet ee agua oa

2. LORIE ET one ae ere