INTEROFFICE CORRESPONDENCE —

 

7} ia
~ +
Me

bd
: Loess
\ Bs ee’

 

 

ce stan
13 3
Aur oF = ONLY
: r re a
No 4568 By September 14, 1988
é : Ao,
? Coe
‘ 0 a
MR. R. A. KAMPE ‘ “eS ‘I 4

 

Re: Germany ~— Tax Classification

It has come to our attention today that the Ministry of
Finance is likely to tax SPA as a cigarette. This
unfortunate news comes as a result of a preliminary report
from the Customs Laboratory to the MOF.

In a meeting this morning with three MOF officials, W.
Dembach and J. Freund were informed that the Customs Lab had
analyzed our product, which is standard practice, and were
of the opinion that SPA’s characteristics were most similar
to a cigarette. This enables, if not obliges, the MOF to
classify SPA under Section 3 of the tax law and apply a
cigarette tax rate.

It was stated at the meeting that this report was
preliminary and is not binding on the MOF. However, W.
Dembach did not see any indication that the MOF would rule
differently.

The meeting was called by Dr. Hafele, Parliamentary Under ~
Secretary (deputy minister reporting to Minister of Finance,
Stoltenberg) and he invited Dr. Schmutzer (head of the
department responsible for these issues) and Mr. Dittrich
(the official directly in charge of RJR’s request). Absent
from the meeting was Mr. Richter, who is Mr. Dittrich’s
superior and has been an advocate of RJR‘s position.
Wilfried’s read on the situation is that Mr. Richter has not
been able to exert sufficient influence and is no longer a
major factor in the MOF’s decision.

Apparently, Dr. Hafele expressed the opinion that SPA could
be considered a cigarette product and taxed accordingly. He
went on to say that the political issues of SPA’s investment
value and social benefits were of no concern to the MOF in
its interpretation of the law. In light of this, Wilfried
believes that Mr. Dittrich will feel encouraged to

recommend a cigarette tax rate.

Nn
°o
0)
N
ws
@
®
h
w