R&P:

n Py
Sethe]

TO: G. W. McKenna FROM: M. Â°No "S48 B

_ RE: Second Generation DATE: September 3, 1986 Tae

Information is attached with regard to Evolutionary and
Revolutionary second generation programs. Both programs are
similar in that they target low/no CO and glass replacement as
key objectives. The Revolutionary program additionally seeks to
simplify manufacturing, while the Evolutionary program targets
product development around designs that are consistent with first
generation manufacturing concepts.

INTEROFFICE MEMORANDUM .

Abbreviated action plans are provided for each product concept.
Certain dates involving other departments were assumed based on
usual time frames. These dates are, therefore, subject to
approval and agreement.

As you will notice, there are a multitude of product concepts.
This number will probably expand even more before it begins to
focus on key opportunities. Decision dates are, therefore, built
into the plans, where possible.

The thing that becomes most obvious in reviewing the product
concepts is the need for (1) good and innovative consumer
research and (2) a sound and, perhaps, entrepreneurial business
perspective to realize the greatest possible profit potential
from the unique technology that we now possess. This technology
provides the opportunity of developing a wide variety of smoking
products where the profit potential is immense. It is critical
that this technology be married to an innovative consumer
research program that is capable of identifying market
opportunities for non-traditional smoking products.

ADS

M. D. Shannon
Attachments

xc/enc: G. R. DiMarco
R. A. Lloyd
S. L. Jowdy
D. E. Townsend
E. G. Farrier
J. F. Clearma
H. E. Osmon
T. R. Campbell

 

BS28 20995

MDS:bwec