|
|

in .
Â«RES 4 meth wath,
yet _*
+
ae

+
oA |
. iv}
$ He ag

Similar plus additional criticisms could be leveled against all

eS

other studies.

IX, THE RELATION BETWEEN DIAGNOSTIC ERRORS AND THE DEGREE OF ALLEGED
INCREASE OF LING CANCER, WITH SOME COMMENTS ON RECENT DECREASES OF
LUNG CANCER.

 

 

 

 

 

Now, another of the questionable and indispensable foundations
of the smoking-lung cancer hypothesis is the claim that there has been
a truly tremendous increase of lug cancer following the advent of
cigarette smoking. However, this claim is very much subject to doubt,
because the correct diagnosis of lung cancer is very difficult and
was only feasible - by means other than autopsy - with any degree of
certainty, in comparatively recent years.

There can be no doubt whatsoever - and this is also generally
conceded by most knowledgeable acientists - that the increase in lung
cancer has been greatly exaggerated. Because of this lack of suitable
methods of diagnosis, lung cancer was mis-diagnosed as "consumption",
or as tuberculosis, or some other respiratory ailment, or pneumonia,
or God knows what. The only point which is at dispute is the extent
of this mis-diagnosis, or the extent of this increase or the lack of
increase. I can only refer you here, among numerous other examples,
to the many publications by the late Dr. Rosenblatt of New York
dedical College and New York City's Doctors Hospital, (23).

This prublem still prevails even today. Lung cancer, in the
most up-to-date medical centers of the United States and Europe, for
example - if it occurs in non-smokers, is not searched for diagnos-
tically at all, or to a much lesser extent than in smokers. This

was indicated, for example, in 1974, by Dr. Feinstein of Yale

Page 26

1A
So
3
N
ar
Ne
o@
J
a