E a ee - .
i" Pe

amare eek

include, as one vital difference, a greater: propensity on the part

- of some smokers to suffer from diseases with which smoking is asso-

 

elated, regardless of smoking habit. Stated differently, the
constitutional hypothesis postulates that many of the people who
have a genetic,i.e. hereditary, predisposition towards acquiring
these diseases also have a propensity to want to smoke, but these
people acquire, or are prone to acquire, the disease regardless
of whether they smoke or not. Stated as its briefest, this hypo-
thesis says: "It is the smoker and not the smoking".

Dr. Yerushalmy, whose work I will be discussing very shortly,
used almost these very words in his conclusions on his pregnancy
studies, (55). He concluded: "... the evidence appears to support
the hypothesis that the higher incidence of low-birth-weight infants
is due to the smoker, not the smoking".

Please remember, that I have not said that all smokers, or even
ail heavy smokers, have this propensity to take sick with one or
more of the diseases with which smoking has been associated. In
other words, most smokers do not die "'too early" from allegedly
"smoking related" causes.

There is a great deal of evidence, that straight genetic pre-
disposition is involved for all the important diseases allegedly
associated with smoking. The references on this are simply too
many to even cite selectively. I shall, therefore, mention only
two authors providing evidence for genetic factors in lung cancer,
Burch and Tokuhata, (56) (57).

In quite another field, the late Dr. Yerushalmy from the
University of California and the Kaiser Foundation Research

Institute, working on the relationship of mothersâ€™ cigarette

4082 LC0OS

Page 37