Ogilvy Adams & Rinehart

agency prepared summary of comments from Open Seats
candidates who were identified for extended education
and forwarded to client.

PUBLIC SMOKING

2 Public Affairs Activities

*

S Be)

agency sent final copies of National Energy Management
Institute (NEMI) portfolio, stationery and energy
management and financial/warranty brochures to NEMI.

agency began drafting stories for the Spring 1993 NEMI
News.

agency amended figures for the 1993 NEMI grant and sent
to client.

agency and NEMI began preparation for preliminary
inspections of Communication Workers of America office
facility and Allentown, PA municipal facility.

agency worked with NEMI to draft response to Building
Owners and Managers Association International support
for smoking ban.

agency continued to work with NEMI to finalize
productivity study and list of contractors available
for project.

agency worked with NEMI to update progress on
Environmental Safety Council's model IAQ bill.

agency responded to California Department of Health
services guidelines regarding exposure to volatile
organic compounds, per client request.

per client request, agency investigated proposed
workplace regulations promulgated by Kansas Employment
Security Advisory Council.

agency continued discussion with client concerning
industry referral of IAQ questions to NEMI.

agency worked with NEMI to get information regarding
ASHRAE Standard 62 subcommittee meeting.

per client request, agency followed up on proposed

smoking ban at Maryland Westinghouse Electronic
Systems,

ET,

T10148-0813