Ogilvy Adams & Rinehart

agency met with National Consumers League (NCL)
executive director regarding NCL plans and priorities
for 1993.

agency held discussion with Coalition on Human Needs
(CHN) regarding group's request for LMC assistance in
upcoming budget briefing.

agency held discussions with client regarding "Social
Cost" promotional plan and possible target states for
media tours.

agency met with Savarese & Associates to discuss
publication of SAMMEC II study as a George Mason
University working paper.

. Grassroots Activities
* agency arranged an invitation for Citizen Action staff
to speak at upcoming meeting of New York State Council
of Senior Citizens.
* agency held discussions with Strategy Group regarding
federal and state excise tax issues and activities of
LMC state allies.
7 Special Activities - Home District Outreach Program

*

 

agency began development of district contact list and
labor coalition group list; agency developed a chart
showing relationship between support groups and Members
of Congress; agency identified potential contacts for
Ways and Means Committee retreat.

agency held discussion with TILMC allies regarding
input for district contact list and participation in
1993 deficit reduction debate.

agency met with client to discuss short term Home
District Contact list priorities and potential LMC
allies to contact Members of Congress.

agency created chart showing election victory margin
for current Members of Congress in the 1990 and 1992
elections, and the percentage shift in 1992, for use in
the Home District Outreach Program and by the Consumer
Tax Alliance.

T10148-0812