REFERENCES

Bar, F. and Griepentrog, F. 1967. Die situation in der
gesundheitlichen beurteilung der aromatisierungsmittel fur
lebensmittel, Medezin Ernahr, 8:144.

 

Caldwell, J. and Sutton, J.D. 1988. Influence of dose size on the
disposition of trans-[methoxy-*‘C] anethole in human volunteers, Fd.
Chem. Toxic. 26(2):87.

Caujolle, F. and Meynier, D. 1958. Toxicity of tarragon oil and the
anetholes (cis and trans). Compt. Rend. 246:1465.

Boissier, J.R., Simon, P., and Le Bourhis, B. 1967. Experimental
psychotropic effect of isomeric cis- and trans-anetholes. Therapie
22 (2) :309.

 

Dhar, S.K., Nigam, M.O., Anand, K.K.,and Kaul, U. 1990. Anti-
implantation studies of some essential oils and trans-anethole.

Indian Drugs 27(10):551.

 

Flavor and Extract Manufacturers’ Association (FEMA) 1978.
Scientific Literature Review of Anisole and Derivatives in flavor
usage. Volume I. Introduction and Summary, Tables of Data _ and
Bibliography, U.S. Dept. of Commerce, NTIS Document PB-284, 962.

Hagan, E.C., Hansen, W.H., Fitzhugh, 0.G., Jenner, P.M., Jones,
W.I., Taylor, J.M., Long, E.L., Nelson, A.A., and Brouwer, J.B.
1967. Food flavorings and compounds of related structure. II.
Subacute and chronic toxicity. Fd. Cosmet. Toxicol., 5(2)141.

 

Howes, A.J., Chan, V.S.W., and Caldwell J. 1990. Induction of
unscheduled DNA synthesis in cultured rat hepatocytes by natural
food flavors. Mutagenesis. 5(1):85.

Hsia, M.T.S. Adamovics, J.A,, and Kreamer, B.L. 1979. Microbial
mutagenicity studies of insect growth regulators and other
potential insecticidal compounds in Salmonella typhimurium.

Chemosphere 8:521.

Jenner, P.M., Hagan, E.C., Taylor, J.M., Cook, E.L., and Fitzhugh,
0.G. 1964. Food flavorings and compounds of related structure. I.
Acute oral toxicity. Fd. Cosmet. Toxicol. 2(3)327.

 

Kligman, A.M. 1966. The identification of contact allergens by
human assay. III. The maximization test. A procedure for screening
and rating contact sensitizers. J. Invest. Dermatol. 47(5):393.

Le Bourhis, B. and Soene, A.M. 1973. Studies on the psychotropic
action of some aromatic compounds used in food. Fd. Cosmet.
Toxicol. 11(1):1.

Levenstein, I. 1960. Leberco Laboratories. Unpublished Report.
Cited In: FEMA Report, 1978.

AGESL9LE