ANETHOLE

TOXICITY PROFILE

Anethole (B71) is a naturally occurring compound found in oils of aniseed,
star-anise, fennel and leaves of Clausena anisata (Opdyke, 1973).

REGULATORY STATUS

FEMA GRAS

FDA GRAS

HUNTER LIST (Not to exceed 0.15% in cigarette, cigar or hand-
rolling tobacco; and 0.5% in pipe tobacco)

JECFA (ADI 0 - 0.6 mg/kg for man)

COUNCIL OF EUROPE (ADI 1.5 mg/kg trans-anethole)

 

METABOLISM .

Human studies indicate that anethole is excreted largely in the urine
(Caldwell and Sutton, 1988, Le Bourhis, 1973, and Sangster et al., 1987). A
500 mg oral dose was excreted as hydroxybenzoic acid (5%) and methoxybenzoic
acid (52%), while a 1 g oral dose did not yield detectable blood levels of
anethole (Le Bourhis, 1973). A major portion of a 1 mg dose administered to
two human subjects was excreted in the urine as 4-methoxyhippuric acid
(Sangster et al., 1987).

In another study, human volunteers given an oral dose range of 1 - 250 mg
(~0.01 - 5 mg/kg) trans-anethole exhibited metabolic patterns similar to
those seen in high-dose rodent studies. 4-Methoxyhippuric acid was the major
metabolite and the majority of the dose was eliminated within 8 hours
(Caldwell and Sutton, 1988). In mice and rats, [methoxy-**C] anethole is
extensively metabolized by o-demethylation and oxidative transformation of
the three-carbon side chain, yielding a variety of products (Sangster et al.,
1984a).

Reed and Caldwell (1992) report that trans-Anethole exhibited a modest enzyme
inducing effect in female Charles River SD-CD rats following administration
of either 300 mg/kg/day trans-anethole for 7 days or 0%, 0.25%, and 1.0% in
diet for 21 days. Appropriate vehicle and positive controls were included
for both assays. Anethole did not appear to be a potent, broad-spectrum
inducer of hepatic enzyme activity in a screening study in Sprague-Dawley
rats and CD-1 mice (unpubl).

 

E6ESLILS