Miller, E.C., Swanson, A.B., Phillips, D.H., Fletcher, T.L., Liem,
A., and Miller, J.A. 1983. Structure-activity studies of the
carcinogenicities in the mouse and rat of some naturally occurring
and synthetic alkenylbenzene derivatives related to safrole and
estragole, Cancer Res.. 43(3):1124.

Mortelmans, K., Haworth, S., Lawlor, T., Speck, W., Tainer, B., and
zeiger, E. 1986. Salmonella mutagenicity tests. II. Results from
the testing of 270 chemicals, Environ. Mutagen. 8(Supp. 7): 1.

Newberne, P.M., Carlton, W.W., and Brown W.R. 1989.
Histopathological evaluation of proliferative liver lesions

in rats fed trans-anethole in chronic studies Fd. Chem. Toxic.
27(1):21.

Opdyke, D.L.J. 1973. Monographs on Fragrance Raw Materials Pergamon
Press, Oxford, p.863.

Phillips, D.H., Reddy, M.V., and Randerath, K. 1984. 2p -post-
labelling anzlysis of DNA adducts formed in the livers of animals
treated with safrole, estragole and other naturally-occurring
alkenylbenzenes. II. Newborn male B6C3F1 mice. Carcinogenesis
§:(12)1623.

Randerath, K., Haglund, R.E., Phillips, D.H., and Reddy, M.V. 1984.
32p-post-labelling analysis of DNA adducts formed in the livers of
animals treated with safrole, estragole and other naturally
occurring alkenylbenzenes. I. Adult and other naturally occurring
alkenylbenzenes. I. Adult female CD-1 mice Carcinogenesis
5 (12) 1613.

Reed, P.M. and Caldwell, J. 1992. Induction of Cytochrome P450 and
related enzyme activities following dietary administration of
trans-anethole to Sprague-Dawley CD rats. Hum. Exp. Toxicol.
11(6)580.

Sangster, S A., Caldwell, J., Hutt, A.J., Anthony, A., and Smith,
R.L. 1987. The metabolic disposition of [methoxy-*‘C]-labelled
trans-anethole, estragole, and p-propylanisole in human volunteers,
Xenobiotica, 17(10):1223.

Sasaki, Y.F., Imanishi, H., Ohta, T., and Shirasu, Y. 1989.
Modifying effects of components of plant essence on the induction
of sister-chromatid exchanges in cultured Chinese hamster ovary
cells. Mut. Res. 226:103.

Sekizawa, J. and Shibamoto, T. 1982. Genotoxicity of Safrole-
related chemicals in microbial test systems Mutat. Res. 101:127.

Shelanski, M. 1958. Industrial Biology Research and Testing
Laboratories. Unpublished Report. Cited In: FEMA Report, 1978.

Stoner, G.D., Shimkin, M.B., Kniazeff, A.J., Weisburger, J.H.,
Weisburger, E.K., and Gori, G.B. 1973. Test for carcinogenicity of

S6ES8L94L8