In DNA binding studies, Phillips (1984) and Randerath (1984) found that very
low levels of adduct formation were detected in mice treated with anethole at
dose levels (300 mg/kg) approaching the LD50 value (400 mg/kg body weight
IP). Randerath (1984) showed that the covalent binding index for anethole is
72 orders of magnitude less than known liver carcinogens such as safrole.
Phillips (1984) showed that anethole adducts were not persistant as opposed
to those of safrole.

SUBCHRONIC AND CHRONIC STUDIES

Le Bourhis (1973) reports that oral administration of approximately 1000
mg/kg/day trans-anethole to young rats for six weeks caused weight and growth
rate reductions. This effect was shown to be reversible. Rabbits treated
with 11.4 mg/kg trans-anethole in drinking water for 90 days exhibited no
adverse effects (Vignoli, 1965). Rats fed a diet containing 10,000 ppm or
approximately 500 mg/kg anethole for 15 weeks showed hydropic changes in the
liver of male rats only (Hagan, 1967 and Taylor, 1964)). However, 2,500 ppm
anethole in the diet for 15 weeks produced no adverse effects (Bar and
Griepentrog, 1967). Also, rats fed a diet of approximately 125 mg/kg anethole
for one year exhibited no adverse effects (Taylor, 1964).

trans-Anethole added to the diet of rats at approximately 150, 500, and 1500
mg/kg for 90 days caused growth depression and reduced food consumption with
hepatic cell edema and increasingly severe changes in hepatic cell
degeneration and regeneration. The 50 mg/kg group was reported to be normal
(FEMA, 1978). Le Bourhis (1973) and Truhaut (1989) report reduced adiposity
in rats administered a dose range of 100 - 2500 mg/kg trans-anethole for 12
months or approximately 105 - 550 mg/kg for 117 -121 weeks respectively. No
other abnormalities were reported.

trans-Anethole was negative for carcinogenicity in A/He mice after 24 weeks
of treatment (Stoner, 1973). These results are questionable since safrole,
a well-known rodent carcinogen, was also negative.

Miller (1983) examined the hepatocarcinogenic potential of trans-anethole in
preweanling mice administered 0.23 and 0.46 percent in diet for 12 months.
Tumor incidence was not affected by treatment with trans-anethole. In a
histopathological study of proliferative lesions reported in animals fed
trans-anethole , Newberne (1989) concluded that "the slightly increased
incidence of hepatocellular neoplasms in the high dose females is not
considered to be of significance to human safety and it is concluded that
trans-anethole does not constitute a carcinogenic risk for man". The authors
also noted that the metabolism of anethole by man is more similar to that of
the mouse than that of the rat. Previous studies in mice fed similar levels
of anethole showed no increases in liver neoplasms.

 

Reproductive Studies 8'76'78395

trans-Anethole was reported to be non-teratogenic in a four-generation
reproductive study. Male and female rats were given 1 percent trans-anethole
in their diet. Retarded growth observed in the offspring was attributed to
nutritional deficiency occurring in the dams which caused poor lactation (Le

Bourhis, 1973).