e Additional Methods In Progress (Ayers, Summers)

Requests for two additional methods have been received. These are for the
detection of cyclamate in chewing tobacco and quantitation of triacetin in
smoke. Investigations are in progress to determine the applicability of
current routine methods to these needs. Preliminary data indicate that
the method for saccharin modified to use a RI detector may detect the
presence of cyclamate, and the routine method for triacetin in filters may
be optimized to detect the lower level of triacetin in smoke. Work is
ongoing in both areas as available time permits.

PROJECT SUPPORT |

Analytical support has been provided for a number of R&D projects and
programs. Some examples of these services are:

e Puff-By-Puff Menthol In Smoke Studies

Analyses of menthol content of samples from puff~by-puff smoke studies for
the Fundamental Group have been provided upon demand. These studies are
ongoing and will continue to require these services at least until the end
of this year. Also, a study by the Flavor Unit has been started to relate
tobacco type to menthol delivery, and will require puff-by-puff menthol in
smoke analyses over the next six months.

* Support To G7 Matrix Project

The G7 Matrix Team produced G7 products that are significantly different
and made to exceed the upper and lower production limits for incorporation
in test cigarettes. G7 samples were submitted for analyses as made, after
ammoniation, and after aging. Product made from blends containing these
materials were also submitted for analyses before testing by the Sensory
Unit. This phase of the project has been completed.

STP Tobacco Fermentation Study

The STP tobacco fermentation study which involves the storage of tobaccos
at higher moisture levels to promote fermentation has been sampled and the
analyses completed through mid-season. The data indicate that the
fermentation is progressing as expected. The next sampling will be in
October.

Â« Evaluation Of SA Test Systems

The new method for the determination of carbonyl compounds in smoke has
provided data to aid in the evaluation of smoke collection systems for
measurement of sidestream smoke. The data were reviewed by the submitters
and no additional samples are scheduled at this time. No problems were
noted with the method during the performance of these analyses,

 

OL6E LZHos