SQ pcs RT

oy

gy

‘Because of the many differences in creative presentation, -

Seriliod

- MEMORANDUM
February 7, 1985
TO: K. P. Curren
FROM: S. R. Berson
RE: TRUE FOCUS GROUPS - FINAL REPORT - MRD #5542/884

BACKGROUND. AND PURPOSE

A new True ldw tar line extension is scheduled for Test Market
during May, 1985. Part of the research Program for this new
product consisted of a qualitative exploration of several .
proposed advertising concepts.

The primary purpose of the qualitative sessions was to obtain
input. on the strengths and weaknesses of each concept and
Getermine which if any, offered potential. It was also important
to understand consumers’ reactions to a new True product in light
of current attitudes toward the brand.

 

METHOD

. A total of eight’ focus group sessions were conducted in two

markets -~- Manhassett, Long Island and Atlanta, Georgia. All
groups were composed of competitive smokers (10+ cigarettes per
day) between the ages 25 and 44. The structure of the greups was
consistent across both markets -~- half male, half female; haif
lo-tar, half lo-fi (low tar prone). "Low tar prone" was defined
as having "top 3 box" purchase intent to try a low tar brand in
the future.

CONCLUSIONS

Overall, the True Gold concept met with favorable reaction. The
interest for this idea was fairly equal across the major lo-fi
and low tar segments although females were certainly more
positive about it than males. (While more males were positive
than negative, favorability among this group occurred at a lower
frequency when compared to females). Males tended to see the
concept as more femiriine whereas females were more likely’to view
it'as neutrals ~~ - os me

packaging, tar level and filter, True Gold was seen as having
little in common with the currently marketed True product. In
fact, many group members did not see the two as related until

GLETESE8