reasonable to believe that Marlboro Lights would be more acceptable to a
Winston Lights smoker than the reverse.

Distributions by race and sex

In terms of race and sex, neither Marlboro Lights nor Winston Lights, either
Kings or 100s, has much appeal to blacks. This, or course, is largely because
blacks are much more likely than whites to smoke a menthol. As Peggy noted in
her memo, Marlboro Lights is more heavily female than Winston Lights. Mariboro
Lights Kings and Winston Lights Kings are, like 80-85s generally, predominately
male, but Marlboro Lights is the most heavily female of any of the nonmenthol
80-85s except Kent.

The 100mm versions of both Marlboro Lights and Winston Lights are, like 100s
generally, predominately female. The 100mm versions of Mariboro Lights and
Winston Lights are quite similar in their race-sex distributions, with Marlboro
Lights only slightly more heavily female. It is interesting, but not
surprising, that the lights versions of all brands available in both full
flavor and lights packings are more popular than the parent brands among whites
than among blacks and among females than among males.

Distributions by educational attainment

Marlboro Lights and Winston Lights kings have very similar distributions in
terms of educational attainment, and both are toward the better educated end of
the distributions. In comparison with Marlboro Lights, Winston Lights has a
larger proportion of smokers who are college graduates and a larger proportion
who have not completed high school. This is kind of tricky however: Because
17 percent of smokers of Marlboro Lights are aged 21 or younger, many have not
completed their educations. Peggy's data showed that a considerably larger
share of smokers of Marlboro Lights than of Winston Lights were students, and
since the POL panel accepts only smokers age 18 or over, this means that most
of those students are probably in college. Thus in terms of ultimate
educational attainment Marlboro Lights would probably be closer to Merit.

Smokers of the 100mm versions of Marlboro Lights and Winston Lights are again
very similar in terms of educational attainment, but in this case they appear
toward the less well educated end of the spectrum. Again, in terms of ultimate
educational attainment, because of the relative youth of its smokers, Marlboro
Lights would move toward the better educated end of the distributions, but not
to the extent that this would be true of the kings.

It is interesting, but again not surprising, that smokers of the lights
extensions of both the kings and 100s are better educated than smokers of the
parent brands. The one exception is the B&H nonmenthols. It is also
interesting that of the seven 100mm brands with the largest proportion of
college educated smokers, only one is not a PM brand. â€˜This is cause for some
concern since the decline in smoking prevalence continues to be greatest among
the better educated segments of the population.

Other differences between smokers of Marlboro Lights and Winston Lights

aeSTOSOSO0e

While the major difference between smokers of Marlboro Lights and smokers of
Winston Lights is age, there are other differences as well, Marlboro Lights,
especially the 100s, do relatively better among Spanish speaking people than
among non-Spanish speaking whites. Some of this real and some of it is because