that age group, and this was accompanied by a much smaller decline (about two
percentage points) in the proportion of 18-21 year-old smokers who smoked a
Marlboro Red.

Between 1982 and 1986 Marlboro Lights increased its share of 18-21 year-old
smokers another eight percentage points, from 13 to 21 percent, but in that
period Marlboro Red also increased, adding another six percent of those smokers
to reach 28 percent. In the past year the growth of Marlboro Lights in this
segment has accelerated, but the increase has been accompanied by a decline of
about the same magnitude in Marlboro Red.

This had to happen sometime. The Marlboro family has 57.8 percent of 18-21
year-old smokers; our other brands add another 9.3 percent; and non-PM menthols
add another 19.8 percent. Thus PM brands and non~PM menthols together account
for 87 percent of 18-21 year-old smokers. Since there will always be some
rebels among those people, 87 percent seems to be pretty close to a realistic
limit, although I expect the Marlboro Menthols to add a few more percent to it
now that young whites have a mainline menthol cigarette with an undeniably
white image.

Comparisons of Marlboro Lights, Winston Lights, and other brands

The remaining charts show:

The distribution of smokers of 80-85mm brands by age,

The distribution of smokers of 100mm brands by age,

. The distribution of smokers of 80-85mm brands by race and sex,

The distribution of smokers of 100mm brands by race and sex,

The distribution of smokers of 80-85mm brands by educational attainment,
. The distribution of smokers of 100mm brands by educational attainment.

mh WN be

a ol

In all of these charts the menthol brands are shown in parentheses to
highlight the vastly different distributions of menthol and nonmenthol smokers.
Marlboro Lights and Winston Lights are shown in capital letters.

Distributions by age

Consider first the distribution by age of smokers of 80-85s. Marlboro Lights
has the youngest smokers of any of the nonmenthol brands, while Winston Lights
is near the opposite end of the chart and has about the same age distribution
as Vantage and generics. To put it another way, the median age of smokers of
Mariboro Lights Kings is 27.2, while that of Winston Lights Kings is 39.0. For
Marlboro Red the median age is 28.9.

In the case of 100mm brands, smokers of Marlboro Lights are slightly older than
smokers of the full flavor parent (median age of 30.3 for Lights and 29.6 for
the parent), but, even so, the two of them have the youngest smokers of any of
the nonmenthol brands. The differences in the age distributions of smokers of
Marlboro Lights and Winston Lights (median age 45.4) are even more extreme in

5
the case of the 100s than the Kings. The distribution of Winston Lights &
smokers, again, is similar to the distribution of smokers of Vantage. a1

Thus Marlboro Lights and Winston Lights appeal to totally different segments of D
the market and are probably not generally regarded as substitutes for one
another. I suspect that in an out~of-stock situation the Marlboro Lights
smoker would be more likely to substitute Camel Lights than Winston Lights.
Iâ€™m not sure what the Winston Lights smoker would do, but since older smokers
appear to be less aware of smoker demographics than younger smokers, it seems

TZSTO