- Page Two -

INDI

All awareness levels for Harley were extremely high as its
unaided at 38% and total brand awareness at 93% far surpass
any previous new brand's tracking.

(See Tables 1 & 4)

Trial for Harley was also impressive as 35% of the
respondents said they had tried the brand. Despite the high
awareness, trial and sales data available to date, regular
brand usage is relatively low at 0.2%.

(See Table 2)

Regarding sub-group findings, younger smokers, particularly
the target group, skewed more favorably toward Harley in
most measures including purchase interest as well as their
trial and awareness.

(See Tables 1 & 2)

Positive purchase interest (top 2-Box) for Harley was at an
acceptable level of 20% among the total sample and higher
among the younger target 18-29 year olds at 29%. These
levels judgmentally fit into the range of previous
quantitative studies on Harley as approximately 25% of those
target samples expressed positive interest in purchasing
Harley.

(See Table 3)

After respondents expressed their future interest in
purchasing Harley, they were asked why they rated the brand
as such. Among the neutral/negative raters, most mentions
were given for Harley being too strong in taste, followed by
bad taste and harsh, while relatively few said it was too
mild. As is usually the case, a sizeable proportion was
satisfied with their own product.

Among those who gave Harley a positive rating, a high
proportion said Harley tasted like Marlboro, while the
Majority were more general and said the taste was good.

Regardless of negative or positive ratings, relatively few
mentioned the package or Harley name as reasons for their
ratings.

(See Tables 5 & 5A)

SSL8P0L8