-@ Fuel Source Machineability

Testing by OD has indicated that during insertion
into the capsule, the fuel source must be able to
withstand at least 20 lbs. of force. Therefore,

with a safety margin, the target column strength

has been set at 40-50 lbs.

After several furnace/processing trials, the
target column strength has been met and exceeded.
Although additional work is needed, it is now felt
that the fuel source strength issue can be
resolved.

Efforts to address ‘the friability issue are
underway. This effort was delayed until the
strength issue (above) was resolved.

e Polypropylene Filter

Preceding May 22, efforts to process KC
polypropylene material into filter rods had been
totally unsuccessful because of the high friction
and stiffness of the material. Many of these
problems were overcome in a May 22 trial in the
“RED pilot plant. Personnel from KC and PT&D
successfully formed machine made polypropylene
filters. Based on this trial, the consensus is
that the probability for success in machining this
material is high.

Performance testing with various modifications of
the polypropylene is underway. This work is
necessary to verify the desired temperature
reductions without dimunition of aerosol delivery.
Added benefits such as increased pressure drop are
also being investigated.

e Performance

One series of performance testing has been
completed on the baked D7D/air-diluted system.
Results were encouraging in that WIPM values
were over 30 mg and the air dilution showed

no reductions in nicotine delivery. Furthermore,
puff-by-puff results showed much more consistent
delivery for a longer number of puffs.

Despite the encouraging performance results
given above, numerous problems have been
encountered with performance variability. Fuel
source lightability, moisture effects, paper
problems, by~pass/dilution interactions, etc.,
seem to be contributing to current variability

68bE 66S05