o Applied Toxicology

Histopathology data on tha fast track animals were received on
schedule from Veritas. The data include a_ ful) set of
evaluations (both stains) for 5 animals per sex in the two
high dose and two control groups, for respiratory tract,
heart, and lymph nodes. Preliminary examinations of the fast
track data show a more marked response in the reference groups
of animals than noted in previous studies. In no endpoint
(except larynx) were the high dose test animals significantly
different from sham-exposed animals. The laryngeal endpoint
needs further investigation.

In the above histopathological evaluations, Dr. Sagartz
provided lung data for cach of the 5 lobes of the lungs, to
examine if there may be different responses in these lobes.
Data are thus provided on the left, intermediate, right
apical, right cardiac and right diaphragmatic lobes, for both
H&E and PAS/AB stains.

Progress was made in developing a method to generate
sidestream smoke for animal exposures. Geneva smoking
machines have been modified to generate sidestrean smoke and
to transport the smoke to a nose-only exposure chamber. The
concentrations of WTPM and CO at the exposure chamber ports
wore quantitated, as wol) as the size distribution of the
acrosol particles. The preliminary results of the development
phase wore submitted in an R&DM (No. 197, 1987). The system
wi)l be used to generate pidestream smoke from various brands
of cigarettes and to compare concentrations obtained of WTPHM,
co and nicotine.

Applied Toxicology staff continued to familiarize themselves
with the operating and calibration procedures of the Epics V
flow cytometry equipment. DNA-check fluorospheros and a few
biological samples wore used. Mr. Bob Rodewald, an
applications specialist, installed the latest Multiparameteor
Data Acquisition and Display System (MDADS) 86 software on the
flow cytometer. Mr. Rodewald instructed staff in the use of
various combinations of light filters, lasor powor settings,
fous lengths and sample pressures.

scientific Affairs

â€œ9 Ingre sonte/procesees - Seven (7) ingredient monegraphs wore
complotod. Those monographs are boing prepared for the
industry Ingredients Reviow Committee.

peeticiies ~ Postioide repidue results have peen received for
one (1) sanple of flue~cured tobecco fron Chinn (1987 crop).

No detoutahle residues were soon.

STZE 2ZeAaS

 
 
 
   

= rw

ann ra eG
aL rae te Aa

me: cou aX

creer ee tr

=e