7 ete

>

MORANDUM .
MEMO April 9, 1986

TO: A.W. Spears

FROM: A.M. Ihrig

SUBJECT: Laboratory Test Results on Some Sample Cigarettes Used
in the Technical Study Group for the 1984 Cigarette
Safety Act

A series of 32 cigarettes were prepared for the Technical Study
Group as directed in the 1984 Cigarette Safety Act. Specifi-
cations of these cigarettes are given in the November 4, 1985
memorandum of Dr. A.W. Spears. The series of cigarettes were
evaluated for smoke deliveries and linear burn rates. These
results are given in Table 1 and 2 for the 21 mm and 25 mm
circumference cigarettes.

This series covers a linear burn rate range of 3.40 mm/min to
10.63 mm/min. The linear burn rates between the corresponding
21 mm and 25 mm samples were similar except for the expanded
flue-cured cigarettes (21 mm, 13-16) and (25 mm, 29-32). These
differences are illustrated in Figure l.

In this study, paper porosity influences smoke deliveries more
than paper additives. A decrease in porosity from 75 to 10
CORESTA resulted in a 20 to 40 percent increase in nicotine, CPM
and CO deliveries. The addition of citrate caused a modest
increase in CO and a 5 to 15 percent reduction in CPM and nicotine.

Burn rate studies were conducted between FNLN-21, the slowest
burning cigarette, and BNLC-21 whose linear burn rate of 5.79
mn/min is more consistent with commercial cigarettes. This study
shows very little difference between FNLN-21 and BNLC-21 ona
select group of fabrics. The results shown in Table III include

a previous study involving a set of four cigarettes on 33 different
fabrics. -

 

/jwel

Xec: C.I. Lewis
C.L. Tucker

ZvOESTTs