Recommended Option

Trade Coverage: Supermarkets, Small Food & Convenience/Gas

Sensitivity
Total RIRT + .4
WINSTON + .3
CAMEL + .2
Number of Stores: 110
Cost: $251,075 per market |

Please note, adding the ability to read Liquor and Drug
stores will cost an incremental $89,000.

Consumer Tracking

The proposed consumer research is designed to provide a
better understanding of the Micro Marketing Program’s impact
on consumer adoption. More specifically, this research is
intended to monitor awareness, trial, usage patterns (i.e.,
regular versus occasional use) and general perceptions for
RJR‘s key brand families. Additionally, this research will
provide insights on the program’s impact among adult smokers
18-24. However, it should be recognized up front that this
cannot be done with the same precision as the National
Tracking Program without significant expense.

As with the sales tracking information, this data will be
examined on a pre/post-basis and compared to the balance of
the respective sales area. Information from RJRT’s TRACKER
will be used to establish pre-program levels for key
measures. The sample for the post-waves will be
approximately 600 smokers age 18+ and 600 aduit smokers
18-24 each quarter.

Based upon this sample size among adult smokers 18-24, we
will be able to read changes in CAMEL of + 1.5 share points.
The cost of this research will be in the range of.$150,000
to $200,000 per market for two. waves.

 

EPSS8 C8LOG