Weekly Activity Report
Week of 4/28/86
Alexander H. King

Page 3
our friends in the legislature; not over-stated. He's
concerned that the tone of contacts from Walls (PM) and
Jones (Miller) indicate invitations will show it's a PM
function and that he's being expected to organize, arrange
etc., with no visible benefit to his client (TI). Let him
know I'd discuss it and get him clarification.

WASHINGTON:

- Suggested to Hord that WSATCD invite two distributors
from Juneau and Sitka to attend annual meeting; had
mentioned same to them in Alaska last week.

- Discussed contact with KOMO-TV (set up by Walker
Merryman) business editor, with Chas Hord, WSATCD; re:
impact of new state tax on cigarette sales,

~ Agreed to provide miscellaneous support (with assistance
of p.r. dept.) to Tacoma, WA Community Festival. This is
an effort organized by â€œThe Northwest Dispatch Newspaper,"
the black publication in Pierce County, and is a direct
result of recent minority development meeting contacts in
Portland.

- Ordered individualized copies of T.I. letter writing
brochures on public smoking and on taxes for WSATCD.

- Requested SDC, Jr. article for WSATCD annual meeting
program,

- Met, in office, with David K. Brazier, 7-11 Franchisee,
re: his objection to warning labels on cigarette packages;
tobacco sales in convenience stores; use of franchisees
association as source of support during legislative
efforts.

~ Received, and forwarded, editorial opposing Packwood tax
proposal from "Northwest Dispatch," minority newspaper
with whom we've been meeting.

Itt. ADMINISTRATIVE:

WASHINGTON:
~ Arranged (after meeting with Redmond Mayor) with Dean
Greeno, Director of Facilities, City of Redmond, WA, to
have ACVA (Gary Robertson) do an air exchange survey of
Redmond City Hall. PR Dept. contacting Robertson; he's to
contact me,

TNWL 0002044