Weekly Activity Report
Week of 4/28/86
Alexander H. King

Page 2

FEDERAL:

- Sent testimony from 4/21/86 Senate Finance Committee
hearing (T.I.; RJR; tob. growers) to Hord-WSATCD;
Maddox-MATCD; Estey-Canteen, Portland, to assist in
preparation of written testimony,

- Re-contacted Kimura (HI); Wright (ID); Roden (ID);
Anderson (MT); Crawford (OR); Estey (OR); re: turn up
"heat" on Packwood II.

- Idaho (TI Counsel Roden spoke with Dwight Ripley; tax
aide to Sen. Symms. Per Symms (reported verbally to
Woodson): plenty of time before bill moves; "rigor mortis"”
setting in with consideration of nuances of bill; there
is significant sentiment on committee for cig. tax hike;
Sens Dole & Grassley in Iowa; Symms on way back to Idaho
for week-end (facing extremely difficult race); Baucus on
way to Montana.

II. LEGISLATIVE SUPPORT:

ALASKA:

HAWAIT:

- Senator Betty Fahrenkamp will be installed as Chairman
of CSG-Western Conference at annual meeting in Hawaii, in
1987, We should be prepared to do something “special” for
this special friend of the industry.

- Two legislators and one legislative "key" staffer in
Hawaii are pointedly reminding TI Counsel Norman Suzuki
that RIR's Larry Bewley promised to sponsor a golf
tournament at the CSG~Western Conference annual meeting to
be held in that State in 1987.

- T.I. Counsel Norman Suzuki received call, direct from
PM's Tina Walls arranging for legislative reception on
June 13, 1986, in connection with PM-sponsored appearance
of Alvin Ailey Dance Company. Fortunately I had discussed
the idea over a month ago with counsel, when Walls first
inquired, so it did not come as a complete surprise to
him, Suzuki will be out of town on long-planned vacation;
Kimura will co-ordinate.

- Discussed organization of legislative reception
(6/13/86) for Alvin Ailey Dance Company with TI Counsel
Wendell Kimura. Let him know our philosophy; that it
could/should be an opportunity to do something unique for

TNWL 0002043