(2) Dose-Response Assessment: This step aims to develop
quantitative relationships which describe the probability of a
health outcome (e.g., lung cancer) in humans as a function of
dose or exposure level for a single agent (e.g., benzo(a)pyrene)
or specified mixtures (e.g-, cigarette smoke). Data are gathered
mainly from experiments on non-human subjects or test systems .
(e.g., Ames assay) that usually employ exposures in considerable
excess of ambient levels. Thus, high-to-low-dose extrapolation
and species extrapolation are both necessary to characterize the

human dose-response.

(3) Exposure Assessment: The objective of this step is to
characterize actual human exposures to chemical or physical
agents that occur during real-life situations. Exposure
assessments rely on ambient measurements, personal monitoring
data, and modeling approaches to provide data on the pattern and
extent of exposures experienced by individuals. In the case of
complex mixtures, chemical analyses to elucidate composition
should accompany quantitative exposure data to ensure that

laboratory exposures represent ambient conditions.

(4) Risk Characterization: This step derives input from the
preceding three steps in order to quantify the magnitude of
public health risks (e.g, exposure-related mortality). Risk
assessment, the combination of these four steps, obviously
requires an extensive and multi-faceted data base that permits
integration of data from cell and animal studies, human clinical
and epidemiology studies, and exposure evaluations.

-12-

 

Â£906 @8@TS

Papier

nee placate: abate:

Sioa ARON RR RL PE arta seed

we ag

Seat ta -

=A