relatively early~appearing damage/repair cycle in the kidney
tubule may "promote" the development of kidney tumors.

The species/sex specificity of this mechanistic model may be
linked to a circulating low-molecular weight (16,000-18,000
daltons) protein, alpha~2-uglobulin, which is synthesized in the
liver of mature rats and apparently participates in the
initiation of renal injury following hydrocarbon exposure. The
protein has not been detected in comparable concentrations in
other species, including humans, or in female rats.

In hydrocarbon-exposed male rats, the normal cycling of
alpha-2-uglobulin in the kidney is disrupted. A number of
investigators have advanced the working hypothesis that, in the
rat liver, certain hydrocarbon metabolites bind covalently with
alpha-2-uglobulin to form complexes that the lysosomal apparatus
in the kidney cannot degrade. This eventually leads to
progressive injury and, ultimately, neoplasia.

Thus, the extrapolation to humans of the tumor data in the
PS-6 study and reliance on the mouse and rat models used in that
study are both tenuous. Questions related to the sex-specificity
of the gasoline vapor effect in mouse liver remain unaddressed,
possibly submerged beneath the larger problems of interpreting
liver tumorigenesis in this susceptible mouse strain.
Chemically-induced liver tumors in mice have historically
presented difficulties with interpretation and remain a subject
attracting a variety of opinions.

The uncertainties concerning kidney tumors in exposed
Fischer 344 male rats are more narrowly focused than those in
connection with mouse liver tumors. The difficulty with species
extrapolation in this case lies primarily in the male rat's high
susceptibility to hydrocarbon-induced renal toxicity. If the
ongoing research confirms the hypothesized carcinogenic
mechanisms in male rats, further efforts will be needed to
determine whether similar mechanisms are operative in humans.

8506 @80TS