| 2458-93-29650

entitled to substantial respect and consideration. See, e.g., In

re Loeb's Estate, 400 Pa. 368, 373, 162 A.2d 207, 211 (1960)

*

{"the contemporaneous construction of a statute by those charged

with its execution and application, especially when it has long

prevailed, is entitled to great weight and should not be

Gisregarded or overturned except for clear language in the Act

itself . . ."); see also Krivosh v. City of Sharon, 205 Pa.
Super. 498, 501, 211 A.2d 109, 111 (1965) ("if the interpretation

placed upen the statute for all these years was not the

interpretation intended by. the legislature, it would have amended

the section. .

").

To recapitulate, among the officials who have

acknowledged that the minimum sales age is not 21 are:

State Health Department officials, who, in
publicizing the 1990 change in the minimum
sales age, noted that by "raisf[ing] from 16
to 18 the minimum age at which individuals
may legally obtain tobacco products in
Pennsylvania" the law was warranted because
“half of all smokers start the habit before
they reach 18." "New State Law Raises
Minimum Age Obtain Tobacco," PR Newswire,
Mar. 13, 1990. The Health Department has
also sponsored conferences on tobacco and
health at which speakers consistently have
referred to 16 as the then-applicable minimun
sales age for cigarettes. See, e.qg.,
Proceedings of the Pennsylvania Consensus
Conference on Tobacco and Health Priorities,
Oct. 1985, pp. 116-17 (Eugene M. Lewit,
Ph.D., New Jersey Medical School).

Local Health Boards, who have distributed
materials and conducted "sting" operations
against local businesses to “remind people
that it's illegal in Pennsylvania to sell
cigarettes to anyone under the age of 18."

-13-

6900881907