*

* °2458-93-29650

 

"Cigarette Sales Can Be Hazardous, Store

Clerks Learn," Allentown Morning Cali,
Aug. 8, 1990, p. B-3. :

Local legislators, who have enacted

ordinances restricting cigarette sales
through vending machines in order to help
enforce the state ban on sales to those under
18. See, e.g., "Smoker Vending Tokens
O.K.‘'ed," Pittsburgh Press, Oct. 3, 1990,

p. B-8 ("city council yesterday gave its
final okay to legislation requiring that
cigarette machines in places open to children
be modified to accept tokens rather than
currency . . . the law prohibits sale of
tokens to people younger than 18"); "Token
Effort on Smoking," Pittsburgh Press,

Sept. 28, 1990, p. B-2 ("having to buy the
tokens [for cigarette vending machines]
first, the argument goes, would be an extra
preventative step against the sale of
cigarettes to those under 18, which is
illegal under state law").

Mayors, who have asked merchants to post
signs declaring that their businesses "will
not sell cigarettes or other tobacco products
to persons under 18 years of age." See,
@.g., “City Sends Smoke Signals to Cigarette
Vendors," Allentown Morning Call, Mar. 29,

1990, p. D=3.

All of these officials are not wrong. Nor is the U.S.

Secretary of Health and Human Services. Nor are the sponsors of

the relevant provisions. Nor is the general public.

Simply put, it has long been an open, well-known fact

that the legal minimum age for the purchase of cigarettes in

Pennsylvania is 18, and before 1990 was 16. That fact cannot be

changed by "incorporating" into the Crimes Code a definition that

the context clearly demonstrates does not belong there.

SLO08ET 992