. HG-Chromo-Sister Chrom-In Vitro
Detover, 1983

D. Staining method

Staining of slides to reveal SCES can performed
according to any of several protocols. However, the
fluorescence plus Giemsa method is recommended.

E. Number of cultures

At least two independent cultures should be used for
each experimental point.

F. Analysis

Slides should oe coded before analysis. The number of
cells to be analysed should be based upon the
spontaneous control frequency and defined sensitivity
and the gower of the test chosen before analysis. In
numan lymphocytes, only cells containing 46 centromeres
should be analysed. In established cell lines and
strains, only metaphases containing + 2 centromeres of
the modal number should be analysed. Uniform criteria
Egor scoring SCES should be used.

VI. DATA AND RESORT
A. Treatment of results

Data should be presented in tabular form, providing
scores for both the number of SCEs for each metaphase
and the number of SCEs per chromosome for each

metaphase.
B. Statistical evaluation

Data should be evaluated by appropriate statistical
methods.

Cc. Interpretation of results

l. There are several criteria for determing a positive
result, one of which is 4 statistically significant
dose-related increase in the number of sister
chromatid exchanges. Another criterion may be
based upon detection of a reproducible and
statistically signficiant positive response for at
least one of the test substance concentrations.

uw
>
1
a
Ss
Qo
00
Ss
to