m

dG-Chromo-Sister Chrom-In Vitro
Sctober, 1933

Celis

 

Type of cells used in the assay

There are a variety of cell lines or primary cell
cultures, including human cells, which may be used
in the assay. Established cell lines and strains
should be checked for Mycoplasma contamination and
may be periodically checked for karyotype
stability.

Cell arowth and maintenance

Appropriate culture media and incubation conditions
(culture vessels, temperature, and humidity CO>
snould de used.

Metabolic activation

l.

Cells should be exposed to test chemical toth in
the presence and absence of an appropriate
metadolic activation system.

control groups

1.

Test

2.

Concurrent controls

Positive and negative (untreated and/or vehicle)
controls, with and without metabolic activation,
should be included in each experiment.

chemicals
Vehicle

Test substances may be prepared in culture media or
dissolved or suspended in appropriate vehicles
prior to treatment of the cells. Final
concentration of the vehicle should not cell
viability or growth rate.

Exposure concentrations

Multiple concentrations of the test substance over
a range adequate to define the response should be
tested. Among the criteria to be taken into
consideration for determining the upper limits of
test chemical concentration are cytotoxicity and
solubility. Cytotoxicity of the test substance may

2

0
Ss
Â©
o
Se
2
@
8
an