co-workers have pointed out the importance of comparing treatment

effect magnitudes with magnitudes of batch to batch variation
when doing sensory evaluation of heterogeneous product types such
as cigarettes (35). For consistent results in our experiments,
it was necessary to use cigarettes with very closely matched
physical characteristics including circumference, mass, air
dilution, and moisture content. Moisture content clearly will
influence smoke chemistry and thus sidestream odor. If one
assumes production of odor components to be proportional to mass
of tobacco burned, then it should be more important that equal
masses of tobacco be burned than that test cigarettes be burned
for equal time intervals when comparing sidestream odors. The
effect of cigarette circumference on formation rates of smoke a
components has been documented (36). Others have reported that
the chemical content of smoke streams varies with air dilution
but not with pressure drop (37). Nevertheless, it is unexpected
that air dilution rather than pressure drop was found to be more
important to odor differences generated during static burns.
Perhaps odor differences are created during the lighting under
suction of cigarettes with different air dilutions, and these
differences then confound the odor characteristics generated

during the static burn phase.

Transfer testing methodology provides for the side by side
comparison of sidestream odors. However, valid results require

careful preparation of the sample cigarettes. It is difficult to

8L8S L6LOS

match the physical characteristics of the test cigarettes, even