Transfer Testing Apparatus

Figure 1 shows the glass bell jar apparatus used by us. It is
similar to an apparatus described by Klus and Kuhn (7). However,
the present work did not require provisions for generating or
collecting mainstream smoke. The bell jar dimensions are approxi-
mately 13 cm x 20 cm with a volume of about 2.6 liter. The
transfer materials are prepared by applying odorless mineral oil
(0.5 mL) to the coarse side of Cambridge filter pads which have
been conditioned at 60% relative humidity and 757) Slots offset
from center in the bell jar tops provide for introduction and
removal of the Cambridge filters. The pads are threaded onto
glass skewers as shown in Figure 2. A standard lab jack and
supports are used to position the pads to an identical depth in Bate
each of the bell jars. Test cigarettes are ignited under suction
and then placed on ashtrays under each bell jar for a static
burn. By positioning the pads to the top rear of bell jar center
and the cigarettes under bottom front of bell jar center, the
rising smoke column is subject to conv√©ction current mixing
before impinging on the pads (Figure 3). The pads are oriented
uniformly such that the coarse side faces the interior of the
bell jar. After exposure, the odor-impregnated materials are
immediately sealed in odor-free plastic bags until sensory
analysis is performed. The test cigarettes, bell jars, and
plastic bags are coded with corresponding random three digit
numbers. Sensory evaluations are performed by an expert panel of
between five and twelve members containing both smokers and

non-smokers. The number of correct selections out of the total

PL8S LELOS

number of judgments is compared to a table giving the number of