INTRODUCTION

Some sensory aspects of mainstream or sidestream smoke have been
reported upon previously by a number of workers including Abdallah
(1), Artho and Koch (2), Cain (3), Sakuma (4), and Dravnieks (5).
Of particular interest to us are the effects of variations in
cigarette composition and construction on the odor of sidestream
cigarette smoke. The previous attention focused on the distri-
bution of different chemical components between mainstream and
sidestream smoke has stimulated a number of workers to develop
ingenious types of apparatus which provide for the separate and
simultaneous collection of these smoke streams (6,7,8). The
contributions made by various chemical classes to the aroma of
cigarette smoke also have been reported by among others, Rijk and tens
VanBattum (9), Philippe (10), Hoffmann and co-workers (11),

Constantinescu (12), and Mokhnachev and Kamenshchikova (13).

Still others, most notably Houminer and co-workers at Philip

8
i*- 7

Morris (14,15,16,17,18) and Sprecker and co-workers at Inter-
national Flavors and Fragrances (19, 20;21) have patented materials
said to affect sidestream smoke (Table 1). However, the methods
used to evaluate these effects are not described in the patents.
Previously described methods used for odor evaluation provide for
measuring odor thresholds, intensities, profiles, quality,
character, or hedonic tone (22). These methods include paper
strip blotters, syringe dilution (23), olfactometers of numerous
designs (24), odor hoods, odor rooms, sniffing of GC effluent,

and a "triangle odor bag" method (25). None of these methods

addresses the basic question: what sensory differences can be

oi
8
â€œJ
oO
~J
ul
00
~]
ew