tle PHILIP MORRIS, U. S. A.

INTER-OFFICE CORRESPONDENCE
Richmond, Virginia

4%. 0
ily 44
To: S. Darrah Date: January 2% .
Y ole
From: A. Dixon “Wo

Subject: CAPITAL APPROPRIATION REQUEST ~- WEL CLEAN-UP SYSTEM - PARK 500

Attached is an Appropriation Request for $172,000 capital and
$3,000 retirement expense to upgrade the weak extracted liquor
(WEL) system on Line III at Park 500. This proposal will improve
the facilities yield by reducing the amount of rich brown water
(RBW) discharged to Waste Water Treatment.

In the RL process, foreign material is removed from incoming
tobacco through a tramp material eliminator and high density
Cleaners. These devices utilize fresh water as the separation and
cleaning medium. By converting the separation medium from water to
WEL, additional RBW can be utilized.

Weak extracted liquor is the RL process filtrate from the second
pressing operation. It is re-input for dilution in the Line III
blending wet slurry and the stock preparation steps. If more of
the WEL stream is used in the blend preparation, an additional
amount of the RBW stream can be used as process dilution in stock
preparation. RBW is the filtrate from the Machine Room, the excess
of which is discharged to Waste Treatment.

The WEL recycle stream will have to be upgraded to use it as a
separation fluid; tobacco fibers must be removed and the stream
heated. Heating the WEL will ensure control of microbiological
activity. Implementation of this proposal will accomplish both
requirements and hence allow 387,696 pounds of tobacco to be saved
annually (Attachment 1). This project has an ROI of 19.2% and a
payback period of 4.9 years by avoiding scrap tobacco purchases.

This project was included in the 1990 Third Revised Capital

Forecast for $250,000 and was not included in the 1990-1994 Five
Year Plan.

/dw ‘
d99.doc

2050062998