8)

9)

US. SENATE and CONGRESSIONAL |

Page 2

  
 

| Ban; There is a slight chance that a bill may be

a, but for the same reasons as stated above, it is not
likely to pass.

Sales Vending Ban: It is quite likely that a Vending Machine
Ban will be introduced. I think what will happen is that some
sort of ban, short of a total ban, will be passed. This issue
is of importance to the SRGs and they will be working to get
compromise that is fair to smokers but still protects young

people.

Anti-Discrimination Bill: A Bill is being prepared that would
protect smokers from discrimination in the workplace. This
issue is of great importance to the SRGs and they will be

working very hard to get this bill passed.

2 Fire-
safe Cigarette, Death Certificates, Packaging Tax/Ban, Tort
Reform, Anti-Business Liability.

 

 

industry related bills that could be considered: Tobacco Tax
Earmarking, Local Tax authority, Nonsmoker Insurance
Discounts, Tobacco Retailer Licensing, Toxic Substances,
Cigarette Manufacturer Iiability, Initiative Authority or
Reform.

 

Senator Quinton Burdick
Senator Kent Conrad
Representative Byron Dorgan (01-AL)

2)

Minot: Strongest group in the state. Very energetic and
dependable leader. Group meets monthly. Had a booth at the
State Fair. Defeated local county smoking ban. Have traveled
to state capital and met with governor on several occasions
to discuss smoking bans. Met. with U.S. Senator and
Congressman. Currently working to overturn statewide smoking
ban on University Campuses.

Grand Forks: New group leader. Group meets every two months.
Several active members. Met with U.S. Senator and
Congressman. Currently working to overturn smoking ban on
university campuses.

er)
oS
wd
cin
st

a
OG)
sl
1