(based on knowledge gained from the Roswell trials), some additional problems were
encountered. Drainage of the components through the forming wire was very poor. This was
caused by slurry viscosity, wire size, and tobacco particulate size. Attempts were made to.
alter the slurry viscosity by reducing the stock (tobacco and cellulose) and the carbon
alginate concentration. Temperature was increased in the machine chest to reduce viscosity.
There appeared to be gelled patches of fiber. Ancram has hard'water which might Have
interfered with the mixing of the stock and the carbon:streams. Dispersion of the fiber was
acceptable, however, the density may be too high too achieve the desired attributes in the
finished product. The caliper of the product was 7mil. Assuming 3mils for coating addition
results in a 1Q'mils finished thickness. There appeared to be.no problems during drying or
adhesion:to the Yankee. Because little tension was pution the sheet as it was being fed
through the can dryer, crimps were formed. These crimps later became breaks during
conversion process. Ninety pounds of material were successfully convertediform the 350'b
reel collected in the Ancram trial. If all of this was successfully coated, it would be

half of the required material stipulated by Engineering for machine testing through Phase. I]
testing. Coating of this material will begin: Monday, 12/7.. It is necessary to produce mat

at Roswell next week. These trials will use the extractedfiller from: which the CEL
described'in the previous weekly was discussed. Retention of the extracted filler is

greater than the Class 3 dust (80% vs 20%).. This will aid in the drainage on the wire
allowing for the higher alginate concentrations resulting in a stronger sheet. Handsheets
using this tobacco are being prepared by both PM and:KC for evaluation of the mat inthe
finished producti

IV. Phase If Testing Status

The Daptic II has been moved to Jewett Annex for start-up of 7.8mm cartridge
combiner machine trials.

Gary Smith, Operations Services, will be working with Cecil Smith to. optimize starch
adhesives for the various. gluing operations in cartridge formation.

Base mat from the Ancram mill run will! be shippedito K-C Roswell for coating. See the
above K-C section for details of this mill run. CELs prepared in D-pilot plant at both
ambient and elevated temperature, 160 F, were subjectively acceptable. Adequate CEL for
Phase II production can therefore be made here. Â»

Evaluation of D1 for acceptability of cigarette production will be begun next week.
This area is being considered for production of articles for Phase II testing. Tarring of
the roof for next week has been canceled to accommodate this schedule.

6T99E T0202