on Feb 1, 1991)

Plan to hold another 1991 seminar in
North Carolina, probably in Triangle
area

Increase awareness and understanding of
overall program (send out news releases;
describe at conventions and conferences;
seek speaking opportunities for
Purchasing executives, e.g. Kim Keiser;
produce videotape to show at appropriate
occasions)

Develop mini-seminar format to be used in
connection with conventions and
conferences ~~

0 Support the work of Field Marketing Managers

Keep them better informed of programs and
initiatives (e.g., Cynthia's newsletter)

Identify local PR firms that can enhance
the visibility of FMM's programs

Continue to assist with development of
ads for local use, news releases for
local distribution, etc.

Learn more about their efforts and how we
can be helpful (e.g., new bi-weekly
Menthol Initiative status meetings and
monthly meetings with PR, MIP, RIP and
Corporate Affairs)

0 Provide better overall marketing support

Assist senior marketing executives with
presentation (e.g., speech by Jim
Schroer to MAGA)

Advise and counsel on issues that could
lead to negative publicity (e.g., New
Salem billboards in Philadelphia)

Produce brochures, videotapes, etc., as
required

Work more closely with Sports Marketing
to identify events of interest to
minorities and extend invitations to VIPs

0 Field Sales Events (Started approximately 10

6TLL 9LLOS