Cc.

years ago as community relations, trade
relations vehicle for Sales)

-- Assess these events against business
objectives to determine their "value"

-- Eliminate or cutback programs that cannot
be justified

-- Get greater visibility for programs we
decide to maintain

-- Fine tune our participation by
coordinating with other local/regional
programs (e.g., field marketing events)

0 Restore and continue to improve RJRT's
reputation as a positive North Carolina
presence

~- Enhance Reynolds Tobacco's status in N.C.
with minority audiences by seeking
opportunities for appearances by senior
executives (e.g., Jim Johnston accepting
W-S Urban League award, Tom Griscom
accepting W-S Chronicle's Corporate
Citizenship award)

-- Identify opportunities and maximize value
of participation by Company in N.C.
events (e.g., National Black Theater
Festival)

0 Increase participation of employees in
minority institutions and on organization
boards

0 Identify and investigate opportunities to
form new relationships with emerging
organizations or work with ones we haven't
been involved with before (e.g., National
Association of Black Owned Broadcasters,
National Bar Association, National
Association of Black Journalists, National
Association of Hispanic Journalists)

0 Conduct research to better assess our
recognition and reputation and identify
strengths and weaknesses

Hispanic program can draw from black program, but
cannot be identical

My yesog
0 Subgroups are culturally alecines 4 Spoaurk

lantnege iS any Com Hcy denomyaterâ€”

OZLL YLLOS