Weekly Highlights ~- Process Technology & Development
Page 2

Process Development Pilot Line, Star Warehouse

Installation and start-up on the-modifications to the
Pilot Line in the Star Warehouse are complete. Testing
runs for Whole Leaf Processing and Air Classification
began on April 1. Besides improvements to the material
handling capability, a major improvement was seen as a
result of the installation of the force feed on the RC-3
cutter. Scrapping and pull outs on the cutter have vir-
tually been eliminated. Minor modifications are planned
to further improve overall operation, e.g. infeed to the
dryer.

III. MECHANICAL & PROCESS CONTROLS DEVELOPMENT

RJR Industries Process Automation Center/

Machine Vision Work

RJR Industries has authorized two headcount for the
Tobacco Company to apply to machine vision development
work which will benefit two or more of the affiliates.
Construction of the PT&D vision/optics lab has begun and
an AR for purchase of a Zeiss image analysis system is
being circulated. It will replace the antiquated Bausch
& Lomb system in R&D. .

The second meeting of the Process Automation Center
sponsored by Industries R&D focused on initial project
selection. The first two are vision based and..are .
generic in nature. The percent stems project for Tobac-
co will address the integration of X-rays, material han-
dling, and machine vision. Opportunities for reapplica-
tion exist at Nabisco, DelMonte, KFC, and Tobacco. A
high speed peanut sorter prototype needs to be in-
dustrialized and evaluated in plant at Nabisco. This
line-scan-based high speed system developed by Video Tek
can also have multiple corporate applications. A longer
term project to establish an intelligent topic-based
electronic mail system was also chosen. The intent is

to facilitate technology transfer between individuals in

all parts of the corporation.

ry

O9L6 99S05