Table Il show no significant loss of menthol or triacetin from
either tray during the period from 2 hours to 48 hours exposure.
There does appear to be a slight loss of menthol (7%) Erem the
unprotected tray after 5 days (120 hrs.) of exposure.

Based on the results of these two tests, the three day Arctic
Lights test market production was conducted with unprotected
filter reds. During this production, ten filter rods were
obtained from one tray of rods. immediately after production and
ten more rods 36 hours Later, Analyses showed 34% less menthol
and 31% less triacetin in the aged sample than in the fresh

rods (D, H. Reeder to K. £. Kenny, August 14, 1978). This writer
considers these data to be suspect since the indicated joss of
triacetin is highly improbable. Menthol analysis data on final
cigarettes from this production indicated very good adherence to
target.

Following the Arctic Lights production run, two additional test
series were conducted to re-examine the question of menthol and
triacetin losses. For Test #3 only the unprotected tray and the
sealed tray trolley were considered. Duplicate sample sets

were ‘supplied to Branch Technical Services and R&D. The resulting
data (Table III) indicate no significant loss of menthol or
triacetin after 72 hours.

A fourth test was conducted during the week of September 7. A
single tray of unprotected Arctic Lights filter rods was extensively
sampled with duplicate sets of samples submitted to the two
laboratories. The data.of Table LY show a significant difference
between laboratories, but both data sets indicate no significant
loss of. menthol or triacetin after 48 hours. of exposure.

 

PP yaboe

J, F. Banks

‘ AGESOSOSS