See

- oe

bee

PALMER A.K. SIMONS F. Dominant lethal assay of meticam technical in the

wa mouse. Huntingdon Research Centre resort no BSP 304/79860 November 9
1979. ,

PALMER, A.K. Effect of metiram technical on pregnancy in the rat.
Hunti:agdon Research Centre, raport No. BSF 302/79616. August 3 1979b.

PAYNTER, O.£., BURN, G.J., JAEGER, R.8., GREGORIO, ©.A. Goitrogens and
thyroid follicular cell neoplasia: evidence for a threshold process.
Requiatory Toxicology and Pharmacology 1988, 8, 102-118. mo,
PETERS, A.C. KURTZ, ®.J., DONORRIO, D.J., THAKE, 0.C. & COTTERILL, O.L.
1980a. Prechronic studies of ethylenethiourea: acute, repeated dose and
subchronic in rats. Project No. G-7186. Report submitted by Battelle -—..
taboratories to NIEHS, October 14, 1980. ve - SS

PETERS, A.C., KURTZ, P.J., OONORRIO, D.3., THAKZ, D.C. & COTTERILL, .O.L.
1980b. Prechronic studies of ethyisnethiourea: acute, repeated dose and .
subchronic in mice. Project No. G-7186. Report submitted by Battelle
Laboratories, Columbus, Ohio to NIEHS, October 14, 1980.

PUHL, R.J. Metabolism of radiolabelled maneb in rats. Hazelton Laboratories
America Inc. study no. 6181-101. September 8, 1986.

RUDDICK, J.A. & KHERA, K.S. 1975. Pattern of anomalies following single
oral doses of ethylenethiourea to pregnant rats. Teratology 12, 277-281.

RUDOICK, J.A. & NEWSOME, W.H. & IVERSON, F. 1977. A comparison of the
distribution, metabolism and excretion of ethylenethiourea in the pregnant
mouse and rat. Teratology 16, 159-162. .

RYAZANOVA, R.A. The effect of the toxic chemicals ziram and zineb on
reproductive function in experimental animals. Gig. Sanit. 1967, 32, 2,
187-192. re

SAMES J.L., MCLEOD, P.L. DOOLITTLE, 0.3. Dithane M-45 in-vitro cytogenetic
study in Fischer -344 rats. Roha and Haas report BAR-246 Deceaber 21, 1964.

SAVOLAINEN, K & PYYSALO; H. 1979. Identification of the aain metabolite of
ethylenethiourea in mice. J. Agric. Pood Chem. 27, 1177-1181.

2 Re ne .
SAXTON, A.D. 1972. a’ '4e-etnylenethiourea rat-feeding study. An experizent
to deteraing the excretion pattern and accumulation and decline in thyroid
tissues of C-residued. Research Report 23-51. , Roha and Haas Co. ...

SCHUPBACH M, NUMALER, M. a comparative Study on the Mutagenicity of
ethylene thiourea in bacterial and sammalian test syst sas. Mutation
Research 1977, 36, 111-120.

» tt : athe n “y *

SEARLE, A.J.F, STEWART, A.S, PAUL, M. The sessuresent of ethylene thiourea
and ethyleneurea in the rat and common sarscset Callithrix jacchus after
zineb (zine ethylene bisdithiocarbasate) dosing. Xenobiotica 1987, 17, 6,
733-740. .

2501236344
84