Mr. James A. Fyock
May 10, 1985
Page 3

New York Media Tour: Made arrangements for Bill
Elliott, Darrell Waltrip, Richard Petty and Tim
Richmond to go to New York on Thursday, May 16 to
publicize The Winston. To date, interviews have
been set up with Hal Brock of AP, Milt Richmond
of UPI, Dave Anderson of the New York Times,
syndicated columnist Jerry Isenberg, CBS' sports
beat show and Live At Five, the top-rated TV
talk-news show in the city.

The Winston Charter: 36 news media members have
signed up for the charter flight from
Indianapolis to Charlotte to cover The Winston.

North Wilkesboro Race: Covered qualifying and
the race for AP and UPI; also set up six
interviews with two newspapers, one radio station
and three TV stations.

Martinsville Race: Covered qualifying and the
race for AP and UPI; set up ten interviews with
six newspapers, three TV stations and one radio
station.

e Winston Rodeo Series -- Coordinated press
reception in San Francisco for Salinas, Calif.,
rodeo with committee member Barbara Balentine.
Resulted in 15 interviews (3 newspaper, 3 TV and
9 radio).

e Camel GT Series -- Attended race at Laguna Seca,
Calif., and filed special stories for AP, USA
Today, San Francisco Chronicle, San Francisco
Examiner, Los Angeles Times and San Jose (Calif.)
Mercury News.

Worked with 5 newspaper, 3 TV, 6 radio and 4
trade publication representatives on site and
arranged 25 interviews with top qualifiers and
race winners,

Cc. Consumer Correspondence

e Consumer Contacts -- Responded to 109 contacts
this week. Distributed monthly report citing 468
consumer contacts handled in April. Year-to-date
total is 1,705.

e Public Issues -- Issued report on 132 public
issues contacts for April; total year-to-date is
399; campaign total 1,995.

OS79 84%SDS