}

 

Mr. James A. Fyock
May 10, 1985
Page 5

B. Caravans

Â© Caravan I -- Completed appearance at Ft. Bragg,
N.C., community festival. Received materials
from previous appearances (see attached),
including Tucson, Arizona, newspaper clip;
Hernando County, Fla., handout; and placemats
from locations throughout Sumter County, Fla.
Driver's report also indicated widespread radio
and television coverage, ads, etc., concerning
Caravan and Paradise band in Tucson.

e Caravan II -- Appeared during Kentucky Derby
Festival, Louisville, Ky., at special Festival in
the Park (one-day) and several days at location
of other events.

Cc. General Pride

e Tobacco Museum of N.C -- Met in Wilson with
committee members and discussed construction of
new building and upcoming "Pride in Tobacco"
festival.

D. Festivals

e Edgerton, Wis., Tobacco Festival -- Traveled to

Wisconsin to present festival check at special
festival benefit activities, coordinated media
prior to and during. Pre~event press release was
picked up by at least two newspapers, regional
cable TV and all area radio stations. Coverage
at event included cable TV, 1 daily paper and 1
weekly paper (see attached clips). Conducted
meeting with festival committee and set-up Ag
Programs grant presentation to University of
Wisconsin for this year's festival July 19.

e Maryland Tobacco Festival -- Working with

festival chairman to work out scheduling conflict
with Farm Bureau prior to festival. Both have
dance planned for same night.

e Southern Maryland Day -- WTAC Page Roberts
appeared for three performances at Baltimore's
Inner Harbor. Mayor of Baltimore and prominent
state senator acted as tobacco buyers for mock
auctions conducted by Page, receiving coverage
from Baltimore CBS-TV affiliate. .

2579 847S0S