Mr. James A. Fyock

May 10, 1985
Page 2

B. Special Events

IHRA -- ESPN covered Pro Am Nationals at
Rockingham and will present first show May 22 at
9:30 p.m. It should be a good one since there
were sO many close races and wild finishes.

Winston Cup Series -- Winston Million Press

Conference: Conducted press conference with Bill
Elliott in Atlanta on Monday, April 29 to discuss
the second leg of the Winston Million program
(the Winston 500). Elliott was interviewed by
AP, UPI, 7 newspapers, 4 TV stations and 4 radio
stations.

Arranged interview opportunities and assisted
Bill Elliott and crew at Dawsonville, Ga., shop
this week. Worked with reporters and
photographers from People Magazine, New York
Times, Atlanta Journal-Constitution, USA Today
and WSB-TV of Atlanta. Hired photographer to
send photo package to news media.

Winston 500 Press Conference: Conducted press
conference on Tuesday, April 30 with drivers
Darrell Waltrip, Ricky Rudd, Lake Speed and Ken
Schrader to publicize the Winston 500.
Interviews were conducted with AP, UPI, 14
newspapers, 6 TV stations and 6 radio stations.

Winston 500: Arranged and conducted press
conferences with Bill Elliott (on Thursday,

May 2), Darrell Waltrip and Neil Bonnett (Friday,
May 3) and drivers in The Winston (Friday) ;
distributed Winston Million press kits and
provided information on this program both before
and after the race; set up 16 individual
interviews with 10 newspapers, four TV stations
and two radio stations. Also set up picture with
the 12 drivers in The Winston for the Charlotte
Observer.

The Winston: WSOC-TV (Channel 9 in Charlotte)
plans to do a special on Tuesday (May 21) on Bill
Elliott and his quest for the Winston Million; a
special on Wednesday (featuring the World 600
qualifying); a special on Thursday (with heavy
emphasis on The Winston); and a special on :
Saturday (review of the two races run that day
featuring The Winston and a preview of the 600).
Each of these 30-minute specials will run at
11:30 p.m. On Monday (May 27), the station plans
to do an hour-long special (7-8 p.m.) on the
entire week's activities with special emphasis on
the 600.

6779 84S0S