Tobacco - Europe

FRANCE: CAN THE EVIN BILL ON TOBACCO BE APPLIED?
La Tribune Desfosses, 12 “gu 1995, p.29:-
CNCT,< a French association in charge of

making sure that the Evin bill on limiting

advertisement on tobacco and alcoholic products

is enforced properly, >is being involved in a

number of legal issues with tobacco makers in

France.

This its because the tobacco manufacturers are
bypassing the Evin bill, which proves to be
difficult to enforce.

In addition to contesting a number of
statements of the bill, like arguing that it is
a hindrance to personal Freedom, the tobacco
makers keep presenting scientific surveys which
tend to prove that tobacco cannot damage health.

CNCT algo fights this, arguing that the
studies are biased owing to the fact that tha
tobacco makers finance them. The association
denounced recently a study by Jean-Jacques Rosa
of IEP<, the French institute of political
studies>, which showed that tobacco was more
profitable than damageable to the community.
The study was financed by CDIT, the French
entity which supplies information and
documentation on tobacco>.

(ESMERK/FRENCH/ER . RN
Ref: 193\euS£a726

 

SPAIN: TAX INCREASES PLANNED

Cinco Dias, 10 Jui 1595, p.15:-

The newspaper reports that the Spanish
Treasury is in principle planning a 3.5%
increase in the special taxes on patrol
products, alcohol and tobacco for the beginning
of 1996. This measure will increase tax revenue
by Pta 61,136mn, with Pta 45,150mm coming from
the Pta 2 per litre increase in petrol and
diesel prices.

In the tobacco area it ie estimated that the
price of a packet of cigarettes will increase
by Pta 10, including the increased tax and
price rises from Tabacalera. Finally, in the
alcohol area a litre of pure alcohol will
increase by 30%.

/ESMERK/SPANISH/ES DIC.

Ref: 192\ea540084

UR: COUNCIL TO PAY PASSIVE SMOXING SUFFERER

   

The Independent, 12 Jul 1995, p.8:-

 

A.

Fr atnee -
Let Gein

9 REC9PCOE Og

CCSD AGUIC

CSF ANIC