13.

14,

15.

16.

ly.

18.

19.

20.

al.

23.

24.

25.

26.

Blair, P. B. Neutralization of the mouse mammary tumor virus by rabbit
antisera against C3Hf tissue. Cancer Res. 23:381-384, 1963.

Feder, B. H., A. B. Skorneck, H. W. Green, and P. B. Blair. A simple
experimental model for measuring and the effectiveness of preoperative irradi-
ation. Radiology 80:286-287, 1963.

Feder, B. H., and P. 8. Blair. Preoperative irradiation: evaluation by
a simple experimental model. Radiology 83:111-119, 1964.

Feder, B. H., P. B. Blair, and P. Close. Tractionation in preoperative
irradiation. Radiology 84:447-451, 1965.

Blair, P. B. Serologic studies of the mouse mammary tumor virus (MTV).
Proc. Amer. Assoc. Cancer Res. 6:6, 1965.

Blair, P. B. Immumology of the mouse mammary tumor virus (MIV): A
qualitative in vitro assay for MIV. Nature 208:165-168, 1965.

Blair, P. B. and David W. Weiss. Immunology of the mouse mammary tumor
virus: Comparison of mammary tumor virus with the agent found in C3Hf/
Crgl mice: J. Nat. Cancer Inst. 36:423-429, 1966.

Lavvin, D. H., P. B. Blair, and D. W. Weiss. Immunology of spontaneous
mammary carcinomas in mice. ILI. Immunogenicity of C3H preneoplastic
hyperplastic alveolar nodules in C3Hf hosts. Cancer Res. 26:293-304, 1966.

Lavrin, D. H., P. B. Blair, and D. W. Weiss. Immunology of spontaneous
mammary carcinomas in mice. IV. Association of the mammary tumor virus
with the immunogenicity of C3H nodules and tumors. Cancer Res. 26:929-934,
1966.

Blair, P. B., and D. R. Pitelka. Immunology of the mouse mammary tumor
virus (MTV): Participation of the type B virus particle in the immmo-
diffusion precipitate line for MIV. Proc. Amer. Assoc. Cancer Res. 737,
1966. ,

Blair, P. B., D. W. Weiss, and D. R. Pitelka. Immunology of the mouse
mammary tumor virus. Correlation of the immunodiffusion precipitate

line with the type B virus particles. J. Nat. Cancer Inst. 37:261-277,
1966. o

Duesberg, P. H. and P. B. Blair. Isolation of the nucleic acid of mouse
mammary tumor virus (MTV). Proc. Nat. Acad. Sci. 55:1490-1497, 1966.

Blair, P. B., D. H. Lavrin, M. Dezfulian, and D. W. Weiss. Immunology
of the mouse mammary tumor virus (MIV): Identification in vitro of mouse .
antibodies against MTV. Cancer Res. 26:647-651, 1966.

Blair, P. B. Immunology of the mouse mammary tumor virus (MIV): Develop~
ment of methods of assay. IN: Viruses Inducing Cancer-Implications for
Therapy. J. Burdette, ed. (University of Utah Press, Salt Lake City).

pp. 288-304, 1966.

50267815