4+

total of 120 tests.

Results observed by RJR and American are listed in Table
II. Both companies found "as expected" results during
horizontal testing, with cigarette 529 producing more
ignitions than 530 as potassium level increased.
Vertical testing, by RJR, only produced ignitions at 3200
ppm, with 529 and 530 yielding 9 and 1 respectfully.
American saw similar behavior for 530, but not 529, where
ignitions increased slightly during vertical testing.
Also, a total of 30 cigarettes (28-530 and 2-529) self-
extinguished during the vertical free smolder at RJR, and
28 (24-530 and 4-529) at American. This tendency could
relate to the increase in self-e&tinctions found on the
mockup with cigarette 530 during vertical testing.

Both companies found that vertical free smolder had more
of an effect on ‘cigarette 530 than 529. However, RJR
found a larger impact on total ignitions across the three
substrates. This is seen by the totals listed for each
cigarette under both smolder conditions.

ad
7

Fabric Treatment:

TBN oversaw fabric treatment trials at Hoechst~Celanese
on June 11, 16, and 24th. California standard fabric was
treated with twelve levels of KC,H,O,. Treatments ranged

‘from 900 to 3200 ppm,K*. Table III gives the fabric

identifier, target value, and actual kK‘ determined by ICP
extraction.

b. Industry Joint Venture

Canopy Hood:

TBN had an additional canopy hood installed in lab 613-
13W/102. Plans were drawn to match the existing hood.
The IJV commercial fabric screening is presently being
performed in this hood.

Maintain the IP laboratory and ensure availability of

materials, supplies etc. (Ongoing)

TBN and JWG rearranged the IP laboratory to accommodate
the liquid crystal apparatus. The equipment is in place,
and plans for an enclosure have been submitted to the
maintenance shop. Because of a lack of space, all mockup
types (i.e. NBS, CORESTA, etc.) are now being stored in

3

 

5980L LECTS