ae EIR Rens on mercer nt SN TN TESA es PO ESTER eg wae ue Sy EE HET,

column in Table 3 presents the percent differences batween the
area means in Table 2 and Table 3. A negative(-) percent
indicates that the Old Gold contre] contained more of that
compound than the 1379-91 sample. A positive(+) percent indicates
that more of a compound was contained in the 1379-91 sample than
in the Old Gold control.

Air Diluted Reduced Sidestream 1493-91 100mm Filter Cigarette

1493-91 100mm filter cigarettes with reduced sidestream cigarette
paper was compared to 100mm Kent IIT Ultra Light controls. The
1493-91 ia ~70% air diluted. The Kent IIT Ultra light is ~60% -
65% aic diluted. Table 4 displays the detected areas and area
percents of selected compounds in the Kent III controls and the
mean of the four analyses. Table & reports the same selected wy
compounds and the mean of the four analyses for the 1493-91 a
cigarettes. The jast column in Table 5 presents the percent
differences between the area means in Table 4 and Tabla 5. A
negative({-) percent indicates that the 1493-91 had reduced levels
ef a compound as compared to the Kent IIT.

 

Conclusion

Substantial increases in gas phase components were found in the
1379-91 100mm filter reduced sidestream cigarette compared to the
Old Gold. Acetonitrile and 2,3 butanedione were the only compared
compounds with a reduction. HCN increased 140% in the 1379-91
cigarette over the Old Geld control, The compounds reported for
the 1379-91 and Old Gold control represent over 70% of the total

area for the FID detection and approximately 90% of the total area
for the NPD detection. i

The 1493-91 100mm filter had a moderate increase in gas phase
components over the Kent III control, however the HCN increased
119% in the 1493-91 cigarette over tha Kent III control, The
1493-91 and Kent III control compounds reported represent over 70%

of the total FID area and 60% of the total area for the NPD
detection.

Total NPD area for the 1493-91 cigarettes was drastically reduced we
when compared to the 1379-91 cigarettes and a greater part of this
reduction was in the HCN and acetonitrile compounds, thus lowering
the percentage of reported compound area from 90% to

 

  

Cc
ip:v75 ion
/ipiv on
Xe: J. H, Bell H. J. Minnemeyer Â©
T. D. Jessup Vv. Norman *

D. K. Johnson F.Jd. Schultz
\Wibrary i)
aa