EC Imprints on Cigarette Packs

The EC Council of Ministers has accepted the warning labels for
cigarette packs recommended by the EC Commission. Transfer to the
national phase is now intended.

A report was given by Dr. KÃ©nig on the current status of the
Labelling Directive.

Dr. Klus (AUS) gave information on activities in Austria adapting
the EC anti-tobacco directives. The measures planned at the moment
remain, however, largely within the range applicable today to the
Federal Republic of Germany.

Meeting of the Research Council Smoking & Health

Prof. A. reported on the last meeting of the Research Council at
Frankfurt, where a short discussion on the truth content of the EC
warning imprints supported by the EC Council of Ministers was
held.

As a result of the discussion, Prof. Thurau has, in the name of
the Research Council, addressed a letter of comments to Prof. Lehr
(Encl. 1).

Chinese Tobacco Scientists

By invitation of VDC and its member companies as well as several

supplier companies, two Chinese tobacco scientists are visiting

Austria and the Federal Republic of Germany, from June to December
for further studies in their respective specialist fields.

The status of the matter and possible modifications of the study

program were discussed.

Research Project on the Effect of Nicotine on the Saliva Flow,
Release of Hormones and Formation of Endogenous Nitrosamines

The project description has been sent to the WPA members shortly
before the meeting (Encl. 2). The project is to be discussed and
may-be approved. Prof. A. reported that the execution of the
project had already been discussed with Messrs. Wieckmann (REE)
and Dembach (RJR). Approval by WPA would therefore be superfluous.
Moreover, the project had already been carried out.

Research Report on the Constancy of Total Cancer Mortality in
Hamburg

In "Fortschritte der Medizin", a special issue "The constancy of
overall cancer mortality in the age groups. Causes and
perspectives" has appeared.

The article was discussed. Since some of the statistical
approaches used by the author and collaborators appear to be
unclear, WPA suggested that Prof. A. and Mr. Dembach should
arrange a dicussion of the critical points between Messrs. Funk
(collaborator on the statistical part) and Lee.

G3

PSCPF080S0c