Mr. J. H. Sherrill, Jr.
Page Two
June 15, 1978

Of the 97 products actually tested, one product appears to have

met the action standards (product 43 of the most recent RSM). Four
other products have been identified as meeting at least a significant
portion of the action standards and as having some potential.

Product #43 borders on potential area four while the other products
are outside but close to falling in potential area two. Table II,
attached, lists the actual products and the preference results

from the NFO tests.

It is of interest to note that none of these products have been
retested through M/A/R/C with the same product specifications as
tested in the RSM studies. It is our understanding that, while four
of the products have been or are currently being tested through
M/A/R/C, changes were made to the products because of manufacturing
constraints, commercial availability of raw materials, or other
reasons (e.g., product 43 of the most recent RSM, which appears to
meet action standards, requires a paper which is not commercially
available).

Based on the evidence from the RSM studies (actual products and

model results), we recommend testing three additional products
through M/A/R/C, as specified in Table III. One product would be
product 43 from the most recent RSM exactly as it was tested pre-
viously, since it appears to be the best candidate of actual products
tested. The other two products would be from potential areas one and
two, respectively, since those areas appear to offer the largest
percentages of potential products.

  
 
 

Barra Ri. Wome

es L. G

Jerry R. Moore
arketing Research Department

Marketing Research Department
JRM:dmb
cc: Mr. U. Frydman

Attachments

680h GLLOS