March 26, 1984
To: OD. F. Pearson

RE: Moviegoer Meeting March 16

This will report on our meeting with Christ Whittle at which 13-30
presented an update and stewartship report. in response to my letter
of February 28.

Overall, 13-30 appears to be delivering the staffing and services
required by the contract or spelled out in the original 1981 proposal.
In those cases where there are exceptions, they seem to have a
reasonable explanation.

The following is a brief summary on each area covered:

Field Staffing

Internal and field staffing equals or exceeds that outlined in the
original proposal. While some of the internal and field staffing also
spend time on other 13-30 properties, it seems that overall the
original requirements are being met. One significant change involves
the substitution of full-time service reps in place of part-time
service people.

Monitoring

Monitoring and restocking of books is maintained on a twice weekly
basis vs. the original plan to service weekly. Area managers now
meet with chain theatre personnel every 6 months to maintain
relationship, deal with problems, etc. A toll free phone service

is now available to theatre managers to identify problems and request
service.

Circulation by Market

A summary of circulation by market is attached. We also have theatre
detail by market available. This circulation has not changed
significantly over the past 2 years.

Market Analysis of Annual Reader Poll

Reader response polls, conducted via insert cards, were part of the
original plan. These have been executed to determine movie preference,
frequency of moviegoing, etc. We may also use this service to determine
demographics, brand preferences, etc. We can also use full run card
inserts on a cost basis for promotion purposes.

t96h â‚¬OnOS