FIELD MARKETXNG MANAGER MEDIA GUIDELINES

When contacted by a reporter, field marketing managers
should forward calls to the public relations staff. You
should also contact your RJR Marketing contact.

If reporter insists that he/she needs to talk with a local
RJR representative, field marketing manager should respond
that his/her responsibility is field marketing support, not
media relations. PR staff in Winston-Salem will support
field marketing managers by emphasizing to reporter that
managers are not prepared to represent the company's view
on all issues.

If approached by a television crew, field marketing manager
should stop all sampling procedures. Do not cause an
uproar -- simply cease all sampling activities quietly.

All other events should continue as scheduled, with age
verification particularly stringent.

Be aware that some news crews or photographers will "plant"
underage children near the activity, appearing as if they
are waiting to participate. The field marketing manager is
responsible for politely moving along such clearly underage
people.

It is preferable for announcements of RJR donations,
sponsorships, etc., to be made by the recipient
organization on their letterhead. However, before an
organization sends out a news release on an RJR
contribution, sponsorship or other involvement, the field
marketing manager must send that release to Public
Relations for approval before it is released. The same
applies to any photos/captions being provided to the media.

CC6QS

T6o0e