Placement:

The small catalog should be placed on both:

- non-promoted merchandise

- promoted merchandise: coupon,sticker,insert and B1GIFs
only. (Note: Small catalog should not be placed on premium
promotion merchandise).

Visibility:

On cartons, the small catalog should be placed on top of the
carton, without interference with current or future carton
coupon placements.

Once the small catalog is placed on packs and/or cartons,
it does not have to be visible to consumers (e.g. if a pack
has both a “cents off" coupon and a small catalog attached
to it, the “cents off" coupon should face the consumer).

The small catalog will feature a selection of eight items.
The value of the items will vary so that a range of levels
of UPC requirements (low, medium, high) is offered.

An 800# will be offered in the small catalog, which will
allow consumers to call in and request a larger catalog.
The larger catalog will offer a greater selection of items
(29), including the original eight in the small catalog.

In the large catalog, there will be five theme categories
(i.e. city goods, mountain goods, sporting goods, party
goods and beach goods) with a similar number of items in
each group. As in the small catalog, the large catalog will
offer items with a range of levels of UPC requirements.

To convey the high value (real and perceived) of all catalog
items, the program will utilize brand name or logo’d a
premiums where appropriate (mostly soft goods, like a t-
shirt).

The budgeted quantities of S/F/A small catalogs will equal
the Redbook pack and carton coupon quantities for two
special promotion periods (May/June and July/August).

Participation/Redemption will be limited to residents in the
states of Massachusetts and Wisconsin.

MARKET SUPPORT

Given the franchise nature of this program, there are no

advertising or POS communications planned to announce the
program, other than the S/F/A on-pack, on-carton catalogs.

Oo
i)
N
~
Nw
o
o
°