II.

Oriental Inhibitor Studies

 

A.

B.

Cc.

BCR-RM (BCR reconstituted material) samples were prepared from
BuCEL on BuBW, BuCEL + OrCEL on BuBW, and BuCEL + sugars (equiv-
alent to those in OrCEL) on BuBW. Data were determined on the
effects of these variables on MS and SS TSNA produced when
corresponding cigarettes were smoked. OrCEL was shown to exhibit
a much smaller inhibitory effect on SS NNN and NAT than on MS NNN
and NAT. The presence of OrCEL caused slight increases in SS NNK

and a significant decrease in MS NNK. Aging of the OrCEL + BuCEL.

on BuBW BCR-RM sample was shown to result in increased MS TSNA
deliveries.%Â°

Experimental BCR-RMs were prepared to test the role of the major
salt cations of OrCEL in the reduction of MS TSNA observed due to
addition of OrCEL to BuCEL before application to BuBW. A mixture
of salts simulating those present in OrCEL was added to BuCEL and
the solution applied to BuBW. The RL containing the. added salts
yielded reduced MS TSNA relative to the control on a ng/cigt.
basis, but not on a ng/mg TPM basis, indicating that the reduction
in MS TSNA was really only a reduction in TPM due to the added
salts. Therefore, salts do not appear to cause any significant
changes in the chemistry of TSNA pyrosynthesis. 3!

A BCR-RM was prepared from a mixture of Br and Bu CELs that was
applied to BuBW to determine whether the sugars in BrCEL would
react with the ammonia in BuCEL to cause a reduction in MS TSNA.
However, no reduction in MS TSNA was observed relative to the
appropriate controls. It was apparent that the combination of
sugars present in BrCEL. and the ammonia in BuCEL did not generate
an inhibitor capable of reducing MS TSNA in this experiment. 32

In two experiments designed to determine whether oriental tobacco
contains natural inhibitors soluble in organic solvents, extracts
of oriental tobacco were evaluated for their ability to reduce MS
TSNA when added to filler. A methylene chloride (MeC1l) extract
caused reductions in MS TSNA on a ng/cigt. basis when applied to
burley that had been extracted with 5% ethanol (EtOH) in hexane
(HEX), but the reductions were smaller when calculated on a ng/mg
TPM basis. However, the experiment could not be successfully
reproduced. A hexane extract of oriental also gave slight reduc-
tions relative to TPM. Although the evidence for the presence of
an inhibitor was marginal, a large scale extraction of oriental
tobacco with supercritical CO, was carried out at Supercritical
Processing, Inc. in Allentown, PA. The extract is currently being
evaluated in the same manner as the organic solvent extracts, and
will also be fractionated to determine if there are components in
the fractions that act as TSNA pyrosynthesis inhibitors. 33

IIE. TSNA Removal Studies

 

A.

Work on the laboratory process of extracting filler with 95% EtOH
using a cation exchange scrubber was essentially completed.
Reapplication of the concentrated extract to the extracted filler
resulted in successfully maintaining a large reduction in MS TSNA

-2-

2900S8P202