Subject:

To:

 

RR Interoffice vscorengga A NON

New Marlboro 25's Date: July 11, 1984
Re: Mr. G. H. Long's Memorandum Dated 7/2/84

Mr. B. V. Hardin From: D. L. Potter

The technical analysis of the new Marlboro 25's product and
packaging is complete with the exception of a thorough blend
analysis of Marlboro Light 25's, which will be completed on July 13,
1984, Attached are the results of our analysis with this one
exception.

We provide here a summary of the attached results for your review:

The blend analysis on Marlboro King Size 25's showed no significant
difference compared to Marlboro 20's product analyzed earlier this
year. No difference was found in the tow item, cigarette
circumference or percent air dilution. The difference in tip draft
and cigarette draft is due to the high variation noted in the
samples tested and is not thought to be an intentional change.

The physical and analytical data collected for the Marlboro Light
20's and 25's products indicates there is no difference between
these two products. This cannot be confirmed until the blend
analysis is complete on July 13.

The major differences between the Marlboro 20's and 25's products
are in the packaging. Besides the obvious differences caused by
placing 25 cigarettes in a pack and eight packs in a carton, raw
material differences were noted. The Marlboro 25's products utilize
a 45 lb. base paper in their foil inner liner versus the 28 lb.
liner found in the 20's pack, a 65 lb. C1S litho label in place of
55 lb. and .014 inch carton stock in place of .012 inch. Although
these upgraded packaging materials may offer some additional
packaging stability with rounder less sharp edges on the pack, they
may also cause an upcharge in the total packaging cost. This
upcharge includes the estimated savings resulting from reduced
material requirement. Preliminary packaging cost analysis indicates
a minimum 3% upcharge before purchased volume considerations are
taken into account which would significantly impact on the cost of
printed items.

The follow-up report will be issued as soon as the Marlboro Light
blend analyses are completed.

ul
Ss
â€˜
he
8
rs
i)
wn
a