“a.

Newport 10's Update Page - 3 -

2)

New p.o.s. has been designed that more clearly designates
that the pack contains 10 cigarettes. As we now have an
example of the R.J.R. in-store p.O.S., our current designs
will be re-evaluated to determine if revisions are
necessary.

The 10's pack would be merchandised on Lorillard's permanent
display with the recommendation that 10's and 20's be
displayed together.

With regard to production, Greensboro has advised that
10's can be produced in approximately 3 weeks time.

It is recommended that the analysis is done using store
audits. While they are very expensive, it provides a clear
measure of retail movement and affects on total Newport and
competitive sales. In a two market test of 20 stores each,
audits would cost $52,000 for 10 observations (20 weeks
including pre-test observations).

Vending Test - A vending test will be conducted using
Westchester vending. Twenty machines will be selected in
Westchester. The design involves 10 machines with 10's and
20's, with the other half containing only 10's. MRD is
scheduling a meeting with Al Schwam the week of 12/27 to
discuss the possibility of setting up a matched sample of
20's only machines.

Modern Tobacco will be stamping all merchandise. The price
that has been discussed between sales and the vendor is
approximately 5¢ greater than half price. This is due to
incremental costs the vendor incurs for machine conversions.

Sales data will be made available by the vendor.

P.0.S. designs will be available the week of 12/20. As a
very small quantity is needed, turn-around on production is
approximately two weeks.

A mid February start date has been targeted.

You will be advised as each test progresses.

/dlb

cc:

E. M. S
Cc. H. Judge
J. R. Ave
R. D. Hammer
v. D. Lindsley

LZ99%L08