. - CENTURY , ~
Marketing Strategy Summary oe

Objective

The Brand's objective is to solidify CENTURY's position
among value-conscious smokers as a superior alternative to
reduced price brands, leading to share of market growth.

Overall Strategy

Implement marketing programs designed to 1) establish and
maintain high awareness of CENTURY's product quality
advantages relative to other branded and non-branded
offerings within the savings segment, and 2) continue
emphasis on the inherent savings of CENTURY when purchased
by the carton. A trial-oriented promotions. strategy will
support advertising's primary communication of product
quality.

Brand Positioning

CENTURY is a uniquely packaged brand with 25 cigarettes per
pack for value-conscious smokers, who are primarily down-
scale and over 25, which provides them with the savings of
the package in combination with a taste equal to the best
available.

Spending

Advertising and promotion expenditures will total in
1985, with a 70:30 advertising to promotion spending ratio.
Advertising weight will be emphasized to build and sustain
high awareness levels among target smokers of CENTURY's
product quality and savings benefits.

Geographic Emphasis

Target both media and promotion programs to markets charac-
terized by high proportions of value-conscious smokers.
These will be identified according to CENTURY development
50% and generics growth rate (50%).

Product

Conduct on-going product development and testing to ensure
that of minimum parity performance versus Marlboro is

maintained for all CENTURY brand styles. Each CENTURY product
is planned to incorporate a reduced cost four-component blend

by 1985.

299% 89905