particulates measured in the first half second of the puff is consistent
with the low nicotine concentration measured. Similarly, the large mass

of particles near the plateau at the middle of the puff correlates with the
high nicotine concentration measured. The total nicotine

concentration per puff increases from puff to puff as nicotine distills and
redistills along the tobacco rod. This phenomena was expected and agrees
with puff-by-puff data. , ae

It is evident that the intrapuff nicotine delivery is both a function
of flow rate and coal combustion temperatures. Temperature measurements
reported by Baker [5] showed a continuous increase during a 2 second square
wave puff, as opposed to the late-skewed, gaussian type distribution of
nicotine found in this work.

Tables 9 - 17 report real-time, 14-C nicotine intrapuff deliveries.
These results show strong correlation with the chromatographic data, in
that 14-C nicotine delivery is weighted to the end of the puff. However, it
was observed that the total 14-C activity. per puff,"plateaus" at puff 6,
and then decreases for puffs 7,8 and 9. This phenomenon has been observed
in the distribution reported in Table 18, and was attributed to the
injection labelling process. Integrated volumes for each 0.4 second time
segment were obtained numerically. The 14-C activity/cc was calculated from
measured 14-C activity and corresponding volume. ot

- The increase in nicotine concentration observed in the latter puffs
(Tables 1 - 8) suggest the possible delivery of intrinsic cell-bound
(endogeneous) nicotine. . However, exogenous 14-C nicotine, measured by the
Berthold scanner, exhibits a gaussian behavior suggesting a depletion
mechanism. More experiments are required to verify this hypothesis.

Oo
Ss
- 0
oT
Ww
wo
oe
~~
a