8.

10.

11.
12.
13.

14.

No. Former smokers have made their decisions. The new .
cigarette is simply another choice for adults who choose to
smoke. ;

Isn't this cigarette an attempt to make smoking more
socially acceptable? _

If that is a result, we see nothing wrong with it. There
are still about 50.million people in the U.S. who. choose to
smoke. The new cigarette certainly addresses. somé of the
issues. related to smoking around others -- such as a 90
percent reduction in second-hand smoke, ‘quickly dissipating
smoke, virtually no smoke off the lit end and virtually no
lingering odor or ashes. In some cases those benefits will
help smokers. We hope the new cigarette will lead to a
greater degree of accommodation between smokers and non~
smokers because of its benefits. ‘Obviously, a few people .
are so against smoking they will object to the mere sight of
anyone enjoying a cigarette. a

Is this a step along the road to quitting smoking?:

. When people decide to quit smoking, ‘they quit regardless: of | :

what brand they were smoking. The new cigarette is simply
another choice for adults who choose to smoke.

Who will be your customers for this cigarette?

Adults who choose to:smoke and who want smoking enjoyment
with 90 percent less second-hand smoke, virtually no
lingering odor, stains or ashes. We believe that .
includes a lot of smokers.

How much will it cost?

(Will answer when price is determined) (Proprietary).

Given the obvious additional parts to the new cigarette, how
can you sell it. for the same price? — ON

(Proprietary) .

How will you market it? What kind of ad campaign?
(Proprietary) | a
What agency are you using?

(Proprietary)

-2-

6c0S SETIS