10. What are the T/N? How do they differ from other cigarettes?

Keeping in mind that this cigarette is still under
development, . initial. cigarettes range in tar from 1-3 mg.
with 0.1-0.2 mg. of nicotine. This is on the extreme low end
of both tar and nicotine yield compared with other cigarettes
on the market. In fact, the new cigarette.has lower “tar”
and nicotine than 95 percent of cigarette brands on the
market. i

li. Is this a smokeless cigarette?

Absolutely not. This new cigarette has smoke that consists.
primarily of water and glycerin. The smoke dissipates:
quickly when exhaled and there -is virtually no smoke -off the .
lit end.

12. Is this “cleaner," as. Premier was touted?

The new cigarette and Premier are very different cigarettes.
The new cigarette reduces second-hand smoke by 90: percent,
the smoke dissipates very quickly and it essentially
-eliminates lingering odor, stains and ashes. ..

13. Isn't it. harmful to inhale fumes from burning carbon? .
;

The burning tip of the new cigarette is made of high purity
carbon. As compared to current cigarettes, no new compounds
are produced by the purified carbon -- in fact,. there are
fewer compounds in the new cigarette smoke and most that
remain are significantly reduced. _ . toe

14. Will smokers still get lung cancer/heart disease 4£ they
smoke this cigarette? ae

Our company has acknowledged that smoking, as well as many
other lifestyle choices, are risk factors for (some). .
diseases. We will not make any health claims’ with this
cigarette, we're simply -claiming that it reduces second-hand
smoke by 90 percent, virtually eliminates lingering odor, :
ashes and stains. (Refer to 0.2 if needed.) . It will carry
the same Surgeon General’s warnings as other cigarettes.

908. SETTS

3.