Xs
,

-2-

MARKETING OBJECTIVES AND BACKGROUND

 

RATIONALE

Superslims is a line extension from Virginia Slims that will
be positioned as a revolutionary new way for women to smoke.
The product reduces smoke from the lit end by 70% versus

the leading 100mm cigarettes and has even 60% less smoke
than Capri.

In qualitative research, consumer reaction to the product
was overwhelmingly positive. The low smoke benefit appears
to have high acceptance among female smokers, and women in
the research indicated that the cigarette was performing at
the claimed reduction levels. Superslims also has excellent
taste for an ultra low tar, and many of the women in the
study indicated positive purchase interest.

Superslimsâ€™ low smoke benefit, coupled with Virginia Slims
strong heritage, gives this line extension a broader

potential female smoker base than Capri. The introductory
advertising campaign is striking and bold with a "cheeky"
Virginia Slims feel. Large headlines such as "Fat Smoke is
History" and "Fat Smoke Just Went Up In Thin Air" quickly
communicate the essence of the product proposition.

Featured prominently in all pieces is a side-by-side graphic
showing the reduced smoke of Superslims versus standard
cigarettes.

In summary, Superslims has strong marketplace potential
because it has many attributes appealing to the target
audience: a unique product benefit -- low smoke; ultra low
tar; excellent taste; the stylish, feminine feel of a slim
cigarette and the great heritage of Virginia Slims.

INTRODUCTORY PROGRAM

The introductory program for Superslims relies heavily on
special introductory couponing, Direct Mail and targeted
promotions to broadcast the news of this revolutionary new
product. An 800 #/unbranded teaser ad will run offering
free trial packs in the mail, followed by an extensive
direct program.

Magazine advertising will include a special three page
introductory ad, spreads, and pages. Additionally, a free
pack Superslims coupon will be offered via a pop-up card in
magazines. Sampling, couponing, and retail programs have all
been designed to generate substantial product trial and
conversion.

EGPOECEVOG