* Florida H1456 &
S476

Georgia S95

Illinois H378

* Louisiana S818 &
S870

Maryland H1239 &
S729

CONFIDENTIAL:
MINNESOTA TOBACCO LITIGATION

Summary: Would require applicants for firefighter jobs to be
nonusers of tobacco products for at least one year prior to
application

Status: Attempts to incorporate amendments to prohibit
employment discrimination into bill failed -- H1456 has been
passed by both houses and now goes to Governor for signature --
Attempts are being made to have bill vetoed -- Senate companion
bill was substituted for House bill by Senate

Summary: Amended biil would restrict smoking in government
buildings by requiring at least 50% of square footage in
publicly-owned buildings designated as smoking section and
would preempt more restrictive local laws, rules and
regulations

Status: Bill failed to be considered before adjournment 3/15
-- Bill carries over to 1990 session

Summary: Would require designation of smoking and nonsmoking
areas in workplaces and places designed to accommodate more
than 10 members of the public at a time to ( L) prohibit
discrimination in employment on the grounds that individual is

a smoker, (2) preempt all local regulation of smoking

Status: Bill has been placed in interim study -- Bill carries
over to 1990 legislative session

Summary: Two similar bills were introduced by separate
sponsors -- $818 would “allow”, while S870 would “require”
state goverment departmental secretaries to designate

equivalent smoking and nonsmoking areas in departmental office
workplaces -- S870 would designate size of areas to be 35% for
smokers and 65% for nonsmokers -- $818 states that size of
areas be based on ratio of smokers to nonsmokers

Status: Both bills were introduced and referred to Health &
Welfare Committee

Summary: Would make it unlawful employment practice to

iscriminate against individuals because of smoking/nonsmoking
preferences -- Would prohibit rules requiring employee to
abstain from use of tobacco products outside course of
employment -- Bills were amended to clarify that they include
both private and government employment and to allow employees
to seek civil reliet for monetary damages

Status: H1239 died on Senate floor despite Senate's earlier
approval of almost identical bill -- Companion bill S729 was
killed in House Environmental Matters Committee

 

TIMN 0015112