Illinois $985

Illinois

Massachusetts H1425

* Massachusetts H1479

Massachusetts H2771]

New Jersey-Draft

Oklahoma HCR1013

CONFIDENTIAL:
MINNESOTA TOBACCO LITIGATION

Summary: Would require public and private employers to provide
ventilation in offices consistent with proposed ASHRAE standard
62-1981R and maintain acceptable IAQ in offices -- Illinois
Department of Labor would be responsible for enforcement and
would be authorized to adopt regulations

Status: Senate Executive Committee held S985 -- Carries over
for possible consideration in 1990

Summary: To establish IAQ Study Commission

Status: While an education effort is underway, no significant
action is anticipated until later this year

Summary: Would continue Special Commission on indoor air
pollution through 12/31/89 -- Created 1986

Status: Bill is pending in Joint Natural Resources Committee

Summary: Would set IAQ standards for state government
uildings -- would define "sufficiently ventilated system‚Äù

Status: Bill is pending in House Ways & Means Committee -- At
future date, bill expected to be combined into H2771 (see
below)

Summary: Would create Office of IAQ in Department of Labor --
Ould require new or renovated workplace buildings (government
-and private sector) to be operated in accordance with ASHRAE
TAQ and ventilation standards as revised -- Would authorize
standards for minimum maintenance requirement for existing
buildings

Status: Joint Commerce & Labor Committee extended
consideration date of legislation until September -- At future
date. bill expected to be combined with H1479 -- Amendments to
include employment protection in regards to employee behaviors

Summary: Would set [AQ standards for state, county and
miunicipal govemment offices

Status: Carried over from 1988: no action thus far in 1989
Summary: Concurrent resolution requests Governor to appoint
spectal investigative committee to study and evaluate TAQ in
State office buildings and to submit recommendations for

legislation or regulation to Department of Labor

Status: Bill died in House Public Heaith Committee -- Bill
failed to meet crossover deadline

TIMN 0015118