New York - Ithaca

* Oklahoma SJR6

Oregon S815

Texas - Brownsville

* Texas - Ft. Worth

Texas - Galveston

Vermont H98,
H177, S14

CONFIDENTIAL:
MINNESOTA TOBACCO LITIGATION

Summary. Roll back smoking restrictions in restaurants

Status: Common Council approved amendment reducing restaurant
contiguous nonsmoking sections from 70% to 50% of available
seating 4/6

Summary: Would require state agencies to designate at least
one indoor smoking area - (State law requires designation of
smoking areas, but does not specify that they be indoors)

Status: Bill was signed by Governor -- Regulation takes effect
S/T 7789

Summary: Would require designation of smoking areas in public
uuldings (current law allows person in charge to ban smoking
entirely in public places)

Status: Senate Labor Committee held hearing 4/28; no action
taken"

Summary: Roll back workplace restrictions

Status: Very restrictive ordinance has been weakened --
Definition of public place narrowed to allow smoking in more
places -- Workplace restrictions are now voluntary

Summary: Roll back remainder of smoking restriction ordinance
~- provisions pertaining to retail stores have been overturned
in court

Status: Ordinance amended 5/30 by removing voluntary workplace
restrictions -- Now requires written smoking policies and
designated smoking areas in businesses -- Attempts are

continuing find additional plaintiffs to challenge ordinance

Summary: Roll back smoking restrictions

Status: Ordinance has been rolled back -- Those areas that are
now excluded from provisions include: small businesses with
less than 2,000 sq. ft. of floor space, bars. bowling centers,
private enclosed offices, police cars

Summary: Roll back current law to allow simple rnajority
control in determining smoking policies in workplaces (current
law calls for three-quarters vote to allow smoking) -- [See [AQ
section also]

Status: Legislature adjourned -- Bills carry over until 1990
session

TIMN 0015116