SND RO DY CT TON

Entertainment Video's Mobile Audio/video System was conceived to
satisfy promotion requirements, Unlike conventional promotional
tools, the Mobile Audio/Video System goes to the places where
people gather and will generate action in any specific market.

Entertainment Video Incorporated, the designers of the exciting
Video van configuration, have broken through the barrier utilizing
their expertise in the areas of large screen projection, mobile
design and video promotion. The video Van will give you a great
opportunity to enhance your image in any targeted market, sample
product will help broaden your user base and gain greater presence
in the market place, as an example, Radio Stations would have the
opportunity to barter for the use of this exciting new promotional

tool,

A custom designed video entertainment package will allow direct
access to School Programs and Dances, Sporting Events in a
specific market, (High School, College or professional) Auto
Racing, Boat Racing , etc, The Video Van has proven itself to
attract a crowd wherever it appears and will encourage increased
corporate awareness and exposure, The Mobile Audio/Video System
will drive the corporate image forward and prove itself to be a
tremendous promotional asset,

Entertainment Video, Incorporated leads in video entertainment
technology and has applied their experience to the video Van,
creating a State-of-the-Art, high technology mobile promotional
tool will generate applause time after time, . .

QOSIIA LNSWUHIRLASINS 45:@T 85. Te adh

899 zgg0Â¢