ESCRIP

The Mobile Audio/Video System has been designed to have ease of
Operation while utilizing the highest of quality equipment to
generate excitement wherever the Video Van may go,

The custom control console configuration provides for easy access
and operation, The console is self contained and mounts
vertically behind the driver's seat, against the wall of the van,
The console is equipped with all state-of-the-art equipment
including two (2) HQ VHS machines, This new technology is VHS
format allows for " VHS tapes to have the visual and stereo
impact of higher quality studio tapes, Two (2) monitors are also
contained so that while one monitor shows the “on-air” visuals the
other shows the video currently contained within the second deck,
Additional headphones allow the operator to tune in the VHS-HQ
sound or to cue-up one of the audio cassettes, A compact disc/
audio cassette recorder is also contained within the custom
console allowing for digital stereo sound, The audio cassette
player allows the operator to play, preview, cue or record, This
also allows for prerecorded advertising spots. Also included in
the console is a multivision unit which allows for a second video
image to appear on the rear screen, It provides video switching
for four (4) video sources and allows for digital video
capabilities so that two video channels can be viewed
simultaneously, for example, while viewing a music video on the
screen the video camera contained within the van can continue to
pan the crowd on it's mount and the image can be shown on the
screen, This also allows the operator to "swap" images or freeze
the action on the inset picture, It will be connected to the
audio amplifier, tuner and receiver which will allow for enhanced
stereo sound while viewing the multi-video sources, Also
contained is a remote microphone, an AM/FM tuner, a microphone
mixer, and a pre-amplifier, The console can be housed within any
standard cargo van,

 

All of the equipment contained within the custom console is re-
engineered and modified so that it can be used to it's fullest
capabilities while being compatible to the mobile environment.
All of the equipment contained is controlled by a EVI Switcher,
This allows for ease of operation and smooth transitions between
audio cassette, compact disc player, video cassettes, cameras and
microphones, The switcher equips the van with fade-in, fade-out
or quick cut capabilities,

4995 2eg05

Sd CBOWIIA INSTR LSSINS 25:07 SS. TE sdk