fabric, an ambient airborne particle or the surface of the res-
piratory tract. The airborn fraction on ambient particles is
termed "attached," the remainder is â€œunattached.")

ETS particles are far less mobile than are those from the de-
decay products and this leads to an increase in airborne radio-
activity by a factor of 2.5. This may provide a protective ef-
fect, according to Pritchard's calculations, though an increased
dose can result, depending on how low the unattached fraction is
in the absence of ETS.

 

Further, natural radioactivity in tobacco means that ETS en-
hances the airborne concentrations of the long-lived decay prod-
ucts, lead 210 and polonium 210, up to 2.4 times for the latter
element. But this does not significantly elevate the overall dose
from Rn.

Also, Pritchard said, the proposal that smoking can enhance
the deposition of the attached fraction in the lungs has been
discounted. ms:

He made some other points about ETS and Rn:

The unattached fraction of deposits more efficiently in the
respiratory tract than does the attached and the site is shifted
from the pulmonary (attached) to the bronchial (unattached) re-
gions of the lung.

ETS can affect dosimetric calculations of indoor Rn decay
products in several ways. First, smoking significantly increases
indoor PM concentration, thereby reducing the unattached fraction
to cause a drop in radiation dose. However, because the ETS par-
ticles are much less mobile than the unattached fraction, more of
the decay products remain in the air for longer periods. So the
presence of ETS may either reduce or enhance the dose, depending
on the existing conditions when there is no ETS around.

 

Lead 210 and polonium 210 also exist in tobacco and their con-
centration in the ambient air may increase when cigarettes are ,
burned. Another thing to be considered in the whole picture is
that deposition of tar during actual smoking does not follow pre-
dictions based on particle size. Should this also apply to ETS,
or if a substantial fraction of decay products be inhaled during
smoking, a revision in estimates of dose is needed.

Pritchard concluded with these comments: The presence of ETS
may modify the dose due to inhalation of Rn decay products in one
of three ways: a) modification of the concentration and degree of
attachment of the short-lived products, b) acting as an addition-
al source of the long-lived products and c) modifying the deposi-
tion pattern.

Of these factors, the last two may be dismissed as not of dos-
imetric significance. The first, however, does have a Significant
effect. Despite significantly raising the airborn levels of radi-

SPO0008L8

 

boy