13. Scientists from R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Company, Winston-
Salem, NC, gave three reports related to ETS:

A. GUY OLDAKER described surveys in 33 Winston-Salem restaur-
ants during the summer of 1986 and the winter of 1988 to examine
the variability of ETS exposure. Portable air sampling systems
were used to measure ETS indicators such as nicotine, respirable
suspended particies (RSP) and ultraviolet particulate matter
(UVPM). Significant differences were found between concentrations
of the 3 elements.

Mean nicotine concentration for 1986 was significantly less
than that for 1988. In contrast, mean concentrations of RSP and
UVPM for 1986 were significantly greater than those for 1988. The
origin for such differences is unclear. There was no difference
between amounts of observed cigarette smoking in the two study
periods.

Oldaker hypothesized that the differences may have been caused
by: a) improved precision in sampling particles for 1988 relative
to 1986 and b) selective removal of nicotine by heating, venti-
lating and air conditioning (HVAC) systems during the 1986 sur-
vey. It has been reported that nicotine can be removed from in-
door air by cooling coils in HVAC systems which would have been
in use in the 1986 summer.

B. P.R. NELSON described experiments in an environmental cham-
ber to determine the effects of air exchange rate and sampling
time on ratios between the concentration of nicotine and selected
ETS constituents. The chamber was ventilated at rates correspond-
ing to 0-4 air changes per hour.

The concentration ratio of nicotine to each of the other ETS
elements varied greatly as both air exchange rate and sampling
duration were altered. Variation of these ratios was caused by
decay of nicotine at a rate different from the other ETS con-
Stituents. Because nicotine tends to stay in the environment
longer than other constituents, "cigarette-equivalent" exposure
to ETS based only on nicotine exposure may be greatly overesti-
mated. The magnitude of overestimation grows as both the air ex-
change rate and sampling duration are increased.

C. Further data on the restaurant survey were given by M.W.
OGDEN in an attempt to evaluate 3 methods for estimating the
contribution of ETS to RSP. The methods were those for determin-
ing amounts of solanesol (a tobacco-specific indicator of smoke
particles), UVPM, and fluorescent particulate matter (FPM), also
a good indicator of ETS.

Ogden noted that research by others has found that as much as
half the RSP collected indoors where smoking occurs may come from
sources other than ETS. As a result, total RSP overestimates ETS
concentration, though the magnitude of this bias has been reduced
in some studies by determining a quantity identified as UVPM.

Â£S000828

EER tin ee ees