11. Reporting on ETS uptake in nonsmokers after exposure to
low- and high-yield cigarettes, NANCY HALEY of the American
Health Foundation, Valhalla, NY, said 3-vinylpyridine (VP) might
be a useful marker of ETS exposure.

The study involved the exposure of 5 never~smokers to machine-
smoked low- and high-yield cigarettes and, in a second phase, ex-
posure also to the smoke from such cigarettes when they were
smoked by humans. Blood samples were analyzed for carboxyhemo-
globin and cotinine; urine sample were analyzed for cotinine, and
the elimination of cotinine was compared.

Haley and her colleagues also did gas-phase measurements of
nicotine and other constituents were determined for each exposure
condition and type of cigarettes. Results indicated that signifi-
cant differences exist in the uptake of nicotine by nonsmokers
even under controlled conditions.

Though the study involved only 5 subjects, Haley said the VP
levels that were determined reflected nicotine uptake rather
well. This substance seems to be a good environmental measure of
smoke exposure and correlated well with plasma cotinine levels.
Therefore, VP may be used to estimate nicotine uptake in ETS-ex-
posed subjects.

Cotinine levels as measured in urine were found to vary sig-
nificantly between subjects exposed to identical concentrations
of ETS. This probably was the result of differences in breathing
patterns and in interindividual variability in nicotine metabo-
lism.

Machine-smoked cigarettes produced higher levels of nicotine
than did those smoked by humans.

12. An EPA scientist, JOELLEN LEWTAS, described a study that
compared the sensitivity and utility of bioindicators used in 4
studies in which tobacco smoke was the primary "genotoxic" indoor
air pollutant. Lewtas participated in 3 of the studies, 2 of
which were reported at the Toronto meeting.

A number of factors were discussed, among them: measurements
of PM, nicotine, cotinine, DNA adducts and PAH, and the mutageni-
city of airborne particles.

Urinary cotinine is the most widely used bioindicator of ETS
exposure, she said. Nicotine, present chiefly in the gas phase of
ETS, is generally found in indoor air where tobacco has been
smoked in concentrations ranging from 1-100 micrograms/cubic met-
er. Concentrations more than 10 times as much have been mea-
sured in small, unventilated places such as automobiles and in
poorly ventilated public places where smokers are present.

Lewtas has found that urinary cotinine levels correlate with
personal exposure to airborne nicotine and provide a sensitive
measure to ETS exposure. She has seen a 50-fold range in urine

Â¥SO0008L8

ee