“Did they subpoena two members of Congress as a pretext to not appear
before the subcommittee on Friday?" Wyden asked. “T hope that's not the
case and look forward to seeing Brown & Williamson Friday morning so that
they can set the record straight about what they knew and when they knew
it”

CAPITAL UPDATE

*The House began debate Wednesday on a $262.7 billion defense budget with
a sharp, partisan exchange on President Clinton's military policies. The
spending plan, a $1 billion decrease from the defense budget Clinton
requested, would provide $3.7 billion for a new aircraft carrier, cut the
administration request for six C-17 transport planes to four, provide a 2.6
percent pay raise for the military, and spend a token $300 million for
peacekeeping. *President Clinton ordered continuation of draft registration
Wednesday, rejecting a Pentagon conclusion that ending the process would
pose no risk to national security. Clinton said he followed the /
recommendation of his National Security Council in deciding it was
essential to continue registration and the Selective Service System.
*Former Assistant Secretary of State Elliott Abrams, who picaded guilty to
misleading Congress in the Iran-Contra affair, should not be suspended from
practicing law because his presidential pardon obliterates the offenses,
his Jawyer told a panel of the District of Columbia Court of Appeals on
Wednesday. But the attorney representing the District of Columbia bar
argued that Abrams’ underlying conduct was unaffected by the pardon.

CAPTION:
PHOTO

Photo by Associated Press

Copyright (c) 1994, The Oregonian Publishing Company

RJR00000001 41017986

70053 2198

0960 Pres