THE ISSUE: Republicans want to curb endangered species regulations for
private landowners, increase the role of economics in protecting species
and end protections for regional populations of imperiled species, such as
the northern spotied owl and Columbia River salmon.

WYDEN : Wants fewer changes to the Endangered Species Act. Favors tax
incentives for private property owners, protections for regional
populations and broad habitat plans. Supports exempting small landowners --
those with five acres or less -- from endangered species regulations.

SMITH: Favors tax incentives for private landowners to protect habitat.
Wants more use of habitat plans rather than species-by-species protections.
Opposes ending protections for regional populations. However, in the
Legislature he supported more drastic measures, voting to end protections
for the northern spotted owl and to add economic and community factors to
endangered specics listing decisions.

LOGGING

THE ISSUE: Republicans this year won environmental law exemptions for
logging in the Northwest, but many members of Congress want the Jaw
repealed or amended.

WYDEN : Wyden , not a significant player on forest issues, opposes all
environmental law exemptions for logging and wants the law repealed. Backed
a 1989 suspension of environmental laws for logging, a decision he said he
would not make again.

SMITH: Favors exemptions for logging of dead and dying trees. Opposes
exemptions for logging in old-growth and healthy forests. In the
Legislature, supported bills to free some landowners from new state logging
rules.

â€œTAKINGS"

THE ISSUE: Republicans want the federal government to pay landowners who
can prove their property loses value because of environmental regulations.
Current legislation would pay landowners if they lose 20 percent of their
property value.

WYDEN : Says he does not favor current proposals before Congress but
will not rule out supporting some form of takings reform.

SMITH: Favors takings legislation generally but says he is not ready to
endorse any specific proposal before Congress.
COLUMBIA RIVER SALMON

THE ISSUE: Saving dwindling salmon runs means using the Columbia less
for generating power. Cost to ratepayers: about $4 billion over 10 years.
Some Republicans want to exempt environmental laws to cut costs and make
decisions at a regional -- not federal -- level.

WYDEN : Wyden , who has been outside the salmon debate, wants a
region-based strategy and opposes environmental law exemptions. Advocates
greater efforts to restore coastal salmon runs.

6680 Pyles

RJRO000000141017986
700353 2137