law.

The bill, sponsored by the Senate Health and Human Services Committee at
the request of J. Scott Burman of Milwaukie, had its introductory hearing
Friday in Salem.

The bill is modeled after California Bill 1402, said Burman, 35, who has
suffered stabbing pains in his back and hips since January 1993 back
surgery. It would allow physicians to administer or authorize controlled
substances to patients who the doctors believe could not be helped by other
reasonable efforts.

Patients would sign consent forms before starting the treatment.
Prescribing physicians would need confirmation from a specialist and would
be immune from disciplinary action by the Oregon State Board of Medical
Examiners. -- Janet Filips

House passes bill aimed at workers fired for drug use

Workers who are fired for using drugs or alcohol on the job would not be
eligible for unemployment benefits under a bill passed Friday by the Oregon
House.

House Bill 2322, approved 58-0, also would require employers to have a
written policy so that workers know an assistance program for drug and
alcohol abuse is available.

Rep. Kevin Mannix, D-Salem, said the bill, which goes to the Senate,
would crack down on people using drugs and alcoho! on the job while
encouraging workers to seek help for chemical dependencies. -- The
Associated Press

Hall will begin administering Health Division on Monday

Elinor C. Hall, until recently the director of the Health Services
Agency for Santa Cruz County, Calif, will take over the helm of the Oregon
Health Division on Monday.

Hall, who was raised in Eugene, holds a master's degree in public health
from the University of Michigan at Ann Arbor and a bachelor's degree in
political science from the University of California at Santa Cruz.

Based in Portland, she will supervise a staff of 385 people and will
administer a two-year budget of more than $160 million.

Michael Skeels resigned as administrator of the state Health Division to
head the state public health laboratory in Portland.

COMING UP

MONDAY Ecologist Dr. Joy Belsky of the Oregon Natural Resources Council
will discuss the council's view that livestock grazing on federal lands
should not be allowed at 7 p.m. at the Mazama club rooms, 909 N.W. 19th
Ave.

RJRO000000141017986

70053 2169

Lâ‚¬60 prles