Cc

Mr. R. A.-Kampe . + “mere OTS . . : - —~ - “= mee Ds -
October 9;°.1986 me ee eee See re

” Page 5

CONSUMER RESEARCH (Continued) —

3. Product’ Research

e Issvéd-the final report for the WINSTON Lights 100 G-13-23 Study.

Results show:

~ The G-13-23 prototype met the action standard of parity to WINSTON
Lights 100 among competitive action standard smokers for overall
acceptance. Advantages were seen across attributes for the G-13-23
prototype among this smoker group. However, these advantages were
primarily among rejectors of the G-13-23 product.

~- Current WINSTON Lights 100 was superior to the G-13-23 prototype among
franchise smokers for overall acceptance.

- The use of G-13-23 can be implemented on WINSTON Lights 190 because it
has met the action standard of parity to current product among target
smokers and also because it maintained superiority to Marlboro Lights
100 among the franchise smokers. However, because there appears to be
some risk to current product among franchise smokers, R&D may want to
change the configuration of the G-13~-23 product to address the problem
among this smoker group.

MARKETING SCIENCES AND INFORMATION SERVICES

1. Business Planning and Analysis

Developed projections of 1986 volume and share for Philip'Morris. A
summary report showing Philip Morris volume trends, 1986 base trend
projections, and expected year-end load was issued to you. This report
also evaluated the impact of the expected Philip Morris outlook on
industry volume and RJR share.

Issued on-going monthly reports including the MSA Management Tables, the
Preliminary MSA Report, Nielsen Topline Share Report and the Monthly
Brief. aa

Issued Nielsen Share Versus Goal to Management and a separate version
showing balance of year share to meet Plan to Established Brands
Research. .

Began a series of meetings with each Brand Manager to discuss 1987 Mar-
keting Plans. The discussions focus on changes in trends in 1987 and on
promotional programs which will affect short-term performance in 1987.
Information is being used to develop recommended Nielsen share goals for
the 1987 Plan Year.

Received approval of initial inventory requirements for the regional
introduction of CAMEL Filter 100's SP. Requirements have been sent to
Production Planning. Direct account allocations will be prepared based
on approved quantity.

6426 ¥9¢05

1

&