Wee ae

 

 

 

 

Mr. R. A. “Kampe , swe -” ee Tan ate Tm - 7 wet  E , aoe

_ October 9, 1986 a Tete : ;

Page 3 - ” - --

7” _ -- > 7 an

ESTABLISHED BRANDS RESEARCH (Cofitinued)

2. CAMEL (Continued)

Franchise smokers, who would like their product to be stronger, rated
Prototypes A and C at parity with their current CAMEL Lights 85. They
rated Prototype D inferior, however, perceiving it to be less rich
tasting with stronger aftertaste.

Three Wave IV prototypes, scheduled for a November 17 mailout, will
incorporate the above learning as well as new imput from Product Guid-
ance Testing. Results are due the week of January 5.

3. VANTAGE

Issued the results of two VANTAGE Filter 85 prototypes versus current
VANTAGE Filter 85 and Merit Filter 85.

- Among target smokers, neither prototype met the short term action
standard of representing a significant improvement on key attributes
with no significant 270+ decline versus the current product.

.« Versus the current product, Prototype #1 was rated at parity on
270+, but did not improve key attributes as it was rated at parity
on smoothness/strength while being inferior on strong aftertaste and
other attributes such as harshness, mildness, drying aftertaste,
lasting aftertaste, bitter taste, filter firmness and draw.

- Prototype #2 was rated inferior to the current product on %270+ as
well as the key attributes of smooth and strong aftertaste. It was
also inferior on most other attributes.

- Among franchise smokers, neither prototype met its short term action
standard of “no significant decline on key attributes or, 270+."

- Prototype #1 was rated at parity on %70+, but inferior on the key
attribute smooth. All other attributes were rated at parity except
harsh, lasting aftertaste and bitter taste where it was rated
inferior.

- Prototype #2 was rated inferior to the current product on %70+ as
well as most attributes. .

OVERALL 270+ ACCEPTANCE
Target Smokers Franchise Smokers

34 <¢ 44 “|
Prototype #1 (1029A) 49 67

Prototype #2 (1029D)

Current VANTAGE F 85 49 69 |

Merit 52 47 <

 

2426 9950S