Trip Report - Brazil - December 8-18, 1985

Crop Threatening Disease: During a November, 1985 visit to Brazil (Trip
Report - Brazil - November 4-15, 1985) I observed a tobacco disease in the
Ararangua area that could have the potential of threatening much of the
Brazilian crop. The disease was characterized by veinal necrosis, necrotic
flecks and yellowing of the lamina, curvature of the midribs, and a pronounced
crooking of the apical bud. In general, only one side of the plant was
affected, particularly during the early stages. The symptoms were very
similar to Fusarium wilt; however, there was no root rot nor any discoloration
of the xylem. Visual evidence suggested the cause to be a virus and I
suspected the disease was tomato spotted wilt.

Dr. Guy Gooding, North Carolina State University phytopathologist and

tobacco virus expert, agreed to accompany J. D. Shiffert, Larry McLawhorn

and me to Brazil to observe, collect specimens, and identify this disease.

Dr. Goodingâ€™s observations, on-site antigen-antibody reactions, and subsequent
laboratory tests definitely demonstrated that the disease is caused by the
tomato spotted wilt virus (TSWV).

Recommendations for a control program are currently being established and will
focus on the control of the insect vector, thrips. Thrips are the only known,
naturally occurring vector of TSWV.

Barn Modification Experiment: Larry McLawhorn pointed out that conventional
flue-cured barns in Brazil were not designed for curing the heavier styles of
tobacco presently being produced. He requested an investigation to determine
if barn modifications were possible that would result in the improvement of
the quality of the cured leaf. In response, Agricultural Programs Division
arranged for Mr. Mike Bernard, tobacco curing specialist with the Food and
Agricultural Organization of the United Nations, to initiate such an
investigation. Following his visit to Brazil, September 18-20, 1985, he
recommended the installation, for test purposes, of "recirculatory/forced
ventilation fans" in several barns (See Interim Report - Curing Facilities in
Southern Brazil). These internal ventilation systems, as recommended by
Bernard, were installed in nine barns (three each in Santa Cruz, Ararangua,
and Rio do Sul).

During this trip, we visited three of the installation sites, each of which
involved paired barns with one barn having the internal ventilation system and
one without. In all cases, tobacco cured in the modified barns, as compared
to that of conventional barns, exhibited a significantly deeper orange color
accompanied by a sweeter aroma.

These tests will continue for the remainder of the season and data will be
collected on grade, weight, value, and chemical constituents (including starch
and sugar). In addition, sensory testing is planned.

It was agreed to invite Mr. Bernard to return to Brazil in January for his
evaluation and further recommendations.

9ifd ZLSOS