From: Thompson, Amy

To: Donald Foreman; John Fish; Murray Jones; Tommy Payne
ce:

BCC:

Subject: Sen. Nickles

Primary Date: 3/23/1998 2:32:32 PM

Last Modified Date: 1998-Mar-26 05:38:29

Last Touched Date:

Sent Date: 1998-Mar-23 14:32:32

Received DateDate: 1998-Mar-23 14:32:32

Attachments:

“SAV ALANA AUN ARNRAHRAANIANKAAN AAA RAASIAANRAMAARS RATAN ABAARA RAM AA OAIAAEA RANA RADARS RMSE NRA MARAE MARANA RAUL OES SUA EUVLSTESUS VR AAALAC SSAA ARMA

 

SSOP AN TDA NOPE OY NSN NNSA NNN ASS EPA EUAN ESE

SEN. NICKLES LESS PESSIMISTIC OVER THE FUTURE OF TOBACCO
SETTLEMENT ~~ Saying that he could support a tax increase
on smokers to help pay for alternative proposals, Nickles,
R-Okla., did not provide specifics on how large a tax
increase he would support but made it clear a Democratic
pian of a gradual $ 1.50-per-pack increase was out of the
question. "We are not going to pass a bill the Democrats
are looking at just to increase taxes and spend more
money, '' he said. Still, having Nickles leave the door open
for any kind of tax increase to pay for a government
program in an election year may be the strongest evidence
of the commitment he and others have to passing some sort
of anti-tobacco legislation and of the pressure they are
under to come through on that commitment. Presented with
the historic agreement hammered out by the industry and
state attorneys general last year, lawmakers have been
grappling with how to respond ever since. Nickles, who for
months has been extremely negative about the chances the
tobacco settlement would be passed into law, repeatedly has
vowed to pass some sort of legislation directed at warning
teens against smoking as well as drug use. "I think we will
pass legislation this year,'' he said. In addition to a
direct tax increase, the senator said lawmakers also might
consider a look-back approach that would give the
government the authority to fine the tobacco industry if it
did not reduce teen smoking. Nickles became the Senate
Republican point man on the tobacco settlement late last
year. Recently Sen. John McCain, R-Ariz., chairman of the
Senate Commerce Committee, which has most of the
jurisdiction over that kind of. legislation, has stepped in
as the lead Republican, at least for now. Nickles, who
serves as the Senate majority whip and holds tremendous
power over floor action, said he would take whatever came

696 L60e¢

.RJRO000000057002052

» POOA4 9323