BACKGROUND & PURPOSE

Over the past several years, American Tobacco has, as part of
ite on-going tracking program, monitored smokers' awareness and
correct attribution of their and competitors' slogan. The on-
going tracking program consists of weelly telephone interviews
with smokers (200 interviews per month) drawn from a national
projectible semple of telephone households. Smokers. are read
selected brand slogans (with the brand name deleted}, and those
claiming to have heard of each slogan are asked, which brand is
associated with the slogan.

While this method has provided useful information, there persists
a growing uneasiness that recognition and attribution of some
brands' slogan may be understated because the visual setting in
the brands advertising may be the badge or symbol for that brand,
and not the copy itself.

Accordingly, the following research proposal is addressed to
resolving this dilemma and to offering potentially an alternative
method of tracking this issue.

PROPOSED ALTERNATIVE METHODOLOGY

It is recommended that personal interviewing be conducted in-home
as part of an omnibus service. R.H. Bruskin (who currently
conducts cur Slogan Tracking interviewing) conducts an in-home
omnibus survey, AIM, five times each year â€”- 2 weeks in January,
March, May, September and November, The AIM sample is a s:ational
projectible sample of 2,000 adults, 18 years and older.

PROCEDURE

991096090

ED FROM

 

PRODUC]

After establishing this person to be a cigarette smoker, 21 years
and older, a series of ads in full color will be shown, one ata
time for varicus cigarette brands, both American Tobacco and key
competitive brands. In all cases, brand names will be masked.
After exposure to the ad, the smoker will be asked if this ad had
been seen before now and, if so, what brand is being advertised.
tancard demography is obtained as part of the omnibus vehicle.

 

I
W
rn
4
I

 

 

 

 

B&W WEI