Figure 1. Marlboro Lights 100's

Note the highly visible
side plume beginning at
the upper surface of the
rod, the area of smoke
on the underside (small
arrow), and the area of
the front. surface where
smoke can be seen (large
arrow). This last can be
distinguished more readily
during viewing while it is
moving. .
Mag. 1.385x

Figure 2. D9DAT (#9569)

Dual-wrapped
Outer: 45g/Mâ€™, 35% Caco,

0.4% NH, H,PO,, O3% CMC, 5% succ.

Inner: 18g/M?, 3% Caco,,
0.6% citrate

Note the absence of a
smoke plume above the
cigarette, although a
plume was always visible
during the taping. The
Plume was forming above
the area shown. There is
a small area of smoke on
the underside (arrow).
Mag. 1.5x

Figure 3. D9DAV (#9571)
Single wrap
65g/M?, 35% CaCO;, 10% KH, PO,

Note the burst of small
plumes above the cigazette
and the faintly visible
smoke on the underside
coming from the
perforations in the
paper. The area of smoke
on the underside near the
char line (arrow) was seen
even when smoke was not
coming from the holes.
Mag. 1.625x

$092T9Sc02