VET 0 9) 0865 RIF

RJR INTEROFFICE MEMORANDUM CO N FI f) E NTA |

Subject: Extramural UBS and Oate: October 8, 1985
Drosophila Assays

To: Dr. W. Sf Simmon From: Or. R. Deskin

Oy a

Le A yd
This is to update you on the plan for conducting unscheduled DNA
synthesis (UDS) and SLRL Drosophila assays extramurally. In
conversations with G. Burger and J. Hayes it was confirmed that we
would ask SRI and Litton (Hazelton) to conduct the in-vitro UDS
assay using two samples of cigarette condensate. One sample would
be from a Kentucky reference cigarette (1R4F) and the second
comparative sample would be from a RAN product. The cost
associated with this assay for two (2) samples at SRI would be
$11,000 and at Litton would be $10,400, for a total of $21,400.
Johnnie Hayes has contacted Or. Valencia at Wisconsin and she is
fowarding a price list to us for the Drosophila assay. Litton
charges $23,500 for a routine Drosophila assay. I suggest that we
meet with Gary, Johnnie, Chin, and Bob Suber to decide on a
strategy for submitting samples for the Drosophila assay. 1
estimate that it would cost approximately $100,000 to run two (2)
samples through the Drosophila assay at two labs. This is based
upon Litton's price list. This appears to be prohibitive and
should be limited to the minimum number of samples.

 

Johnnie Hayes is initiating conversations with Litton and I have
requested a proposal from SRI to conduct the in-vitro UDS assay.
Fach lab will also be asked to provide us with a schedule for
initiation of assays and delivery of draft final reports. I expect
that we can have contacts in place and can send samples no later

than October 21, 1985.

cc: Dr. A. W. Hayes

Dr. R. L. Suber
Dr. G. T. Burger
Dr. J. R. Hayes
Dr. C. K. Lee
Dr. W. Y. Rice
Ms. M. W. Root
Mr. B. C. Moody

w
©
w
o
o
~"
oo
w
©