rawr.

 

MEMORANDUM
TO: A. Pasheluk
FROM: I. J. Staub
RE: ' TRUE IMAGE STUDY -- Psychographic Analysis ;

This memo should serve to further explain the specifics of the
psychographic lifestyle clustering we will be utilizing in the
image study. It should be noted that this particular analysis
is being used here on an experimental basis due to a limited
working knowledge of its usefulness in this area (there is
little historical data on this subject which can be used for
comparison), and because of the relatively small sample size in
this study. We are hopeful, though, that the incorporation of
the lifestyle clusters can further enhance the analysis and
provide additional direction for the agency's purposes.

As you know, the lifestyle clusters are derived from a series
of sequential steps beginning with the self-administered list
of statements which the respondent rates in terms of how well
the statement describes him/her. The particular list we are
using in this study is a general one with no smoker-related
items and was supplied by an outside expert who has vast
experience with psychographics. It is our feeling that this
general list is sufficient for our purposes at this time.

The next step in the sequence is the utilization of a factor
analysis which will group items that correlate together across
the sample of respondents into five or six groupings which we
will label as "Quality Consciousness", "Conservatism",
"Sociability", etc. Then a cluster analysis is done which
groups people that correlate together for their rating of the
items or for demographic profiles (such as older/younger).

 

Assuming that the groupings we get are able to discriminate,
the technique will provide us with an additional area of
analysis of our potential market - their lifestyle
characteristics ~ in addition to demographics.

   

SPPSPTLo