Yorkshire Evening Post, 20th December 1994, Page 4

 

 

‘PASSIVE-SMOKING RISK SMALL’

THE amount of tobacco
smoke inhaled from passive
smoking equals just one
Cigarette a week at most,
according to a new study
carried out by a Yorkshire
laboratory.

Research conducted by
scientists at Hazleton
Europe in Harrogate sug-

gests health risks from
passive smoking aré very
small —~ but the results
received a cautious
response from anti-srnok-
ing lobbyists,

The survey was spon-
sared by the Centre for
indoor Research, an organ-
isation funded principally

by the American chemical
industry but receiving
some money from tobacco
interests. .

it claims that .non-°

smokers breathe in 160
times more air pollution
from other sources such as

benzene .

“petro fumes containing

 

 

‘

60PL88E902

3