UTAH House Health Cmte has scheduled H63 for discussion on 1/24
..would authorize state to assume rights of individual in order to
pursue reimbursement of Medicaid expenditures from liable third
parties.

ADAMHA bills... ARIZONA H2387 would authorize Dept of Liquor
Licenses & Control to enforce tobacco regulations...would require
retail tobacco license, and prohibit distribution of reduced-cost
tobacco products. INDIANA $595 would place enforcement and
reporting responsibilities with Alcohol Beverage Commission...would
restrict location of vending machines, and prohibit distribution of
samples within 500 feet of schools...would also restrict smoking in
restaurants to 70% of seating...would preempt local restrictions on
sale, distribution, use, promotion and display...referred to Senate
Correction, Criminal & Civil Procedures Cmte.

NEBRASKA L812 would provide for ADAMHA compliance...would also
restrict vending machines, and ban sampling within 500 feet of
schools...would preempt local ordinances on sale, distribution and
promotion. Senate Health & Human Services Cmte in NEW JERSEY
postponed today's consideration of $1186...would place enforcement
ADAMBA responsibilities with Public Health Council.

Prefiles in MISSISSIPPI have been formally introduced...H150 and
H155 would prohibit smoking in state buildings...H151 and H159
would restrict smoking in public places and restaurants...bills

have been referred to House Public Health & Welfare Cmte.

Other introductions... NEW YORK A363 would authorize liquor stores
to sell cigars in boxes of 10 or more. OREGON H2199 would repeal
provisions of cigarette tax law that requires tax stamp. HAWAII

H59 would extend definition of restaurants to those sealing 25 or
fewer persons...current law exempts restaurants seating 50 or fewer
...H165 would prohibit distribution of samples and coupons on

public streets, sidewalks, and parks...would also prohibit

distribution within 1,000 feet of day care facilities and schools,
including permanent commercial buildings...$223 would establish
referenda authority.

CORRECTION: WYOMING H245 would impose 15% OTP tax, not 10% as
previously reported.
.. MORE ON PAGE TWO...

..DAILY BULLETIN...PAGE TWO...

RJR0000000502008951

70046 7358

e8l6 SZl8cs