9

bag
AG

draft

September 30, 1987

MENORANDUM
To: The Members of the Executive Committee

From: Samuel D. Chilcote, Jr.

folof ff

/
oo en

 

This morning, Sen. Frank Lautenberg (D-N.J.) proposed in
the transportation subcommittee of the Senate
Appropriations Committee an amendment to the 1988
Transportation Appropriations bill that would ban
smoking on domestic airline flights of two hours or
less, for a three-year test period. Because the
subcommittee had not had an opportunity to hear
arguments on this legislation, it agreed, at the request
of Sen. Thad Cochran (R-HS)}, to defer consideration
until the full committee meets on the bill tomorrow.

Institute staff and legislative counsel continue their
intensive efforts to persuade committee members that
such legislation is unnecessary and unjustified.

AS legislation is under consideration -- without benefit
of hearings -~ in the Senate, Rep. Norm Mineta (D-CA)
next Wednesday (October 7) will keep the pledge he made
in July to hold hearings on legislation to ban smoking
on airlines.

The Wednesday hearings, before the Aviation Subcommittee
of the House Public Works and Transportation Committee,
will include testimony from the Administration, the
tobacco and aviation industries, as well as the usual
litany of anti-smoking groups.

Philip W. Hazeltine, deputy assistant secretary for
policy and international affairs, will testify on behalf
of the Department of Transportation. We understand that
DoT will offer strong support for the current
regulation, and repeat its earlier recommendations for
additional study.

Former Rep. Charles Whitley will testify for The
Institute, focusing on public satifaction with the
current rules, lack of scientific evidence on which to
base claims of adverse health effects from ETS, and the
need for additional study. He will be accompanied by
scientific expert Larry Holcomb, who will note problems

T11203-0045