Victor A. Fried, Ph.D.

Morgan, D.Q,, Edman, J.¢., Standring, D.N., Fried, V.A., Smith, M.c., Roth, R.A., and
Rutter, W.J. Insulin-like growth factor II receptor as a multifunctional binding
protein. Nature 329:301+307, 1987.

Roth, R.A., Stover, C., Hari, J., Horgan, D.0., Smith, M.C., Sara, V., and Pried, V.A.
Interactions of the receptor for ineulin-Like growth factor II with Manoge-6-
phosphate and antibodies to the Mangse-6-phosphate receptor. Biochem. Biophys. Rea.
Commun. 149:600-606, 1987,

Murti, K.G., Smith, H.T., and Fried, v.a, Ubiquitin La a component of the microtubule
network. Proc. Natl, Acad. Sci. USA 8513019-3023, 1908,

Manetto, V., Parry, G., Tabaton, M., Mulvihill, Ps, fried, V.A., 6mith, H.T., Gambetti,
P., and Autilio-Gambetti, L, Ubiquitin is assoclated with abnormal eytoplacmig
filaments characteristic of neurodegenerative disgsaaa. Proc. Natl, Acad. Sel. USA
85:4501-4505, 1984,

Perin, M.S., Fried, V.A., Slaughter, C.A., and Sudhof, 7.C. The structure of
cytochrome bh61, a secretory vesicle specific electron transport protein, EMBO J.
7:2697-2703, 1988.

Fried, V.A., Smith, H.T., and Hildebrandt, BE. Tha intrineie proteolytic activity of
ubiquitin: Factors affecting activity and the atructure of the active oneyms.
Current Communications in Molecular Biology, The Ubiquitin System. cola Spring
Harbor Lab, 130-135, 1988.

Affholter, J,A., Fried, V.A., and Roth, R.A. Human insulin degrading enzyme shares
atructural and functional homologies with E. coli. Protease III, Soience 242:1415-
1418, 1988.

Parry, G., Mulvihill, P., Fried, V.A., Smith, H.T., Grunke-Iqbal, I., and Iqbal, K.
Immunochemical properties of ubigaitin conjugates in the paired helical filaments of
Alzheimer disease, J. Neurochem. 52:1523-1528, 1989.

Hildebrandt, E., and Fried, V.A. Phosphamino acid analysis of protein immobillred on
polyvinylidens difluoride membrane. Analytical Biochemistry, 177:407-412, 1989.

Sudhof, T.C., Fried, V.A., Stone, DsK., Johnaton, P.A., and Xle, X-8. ‘The mammalian
endomembrane proton pump strongly resembles the ATP-synthetase of archibacteria.
Proc. Natl. Acad, Sci, USA 66:6067-6071, 1989.

Lee, P.L., Johngon, D.E., Cousens, L.9., Fried, V.A., and Williams, L.T, Basie
fibroblast growth factor receptors: Purification and cDNA Sloning. &cilence 246:57-
60, 1989,

Fried, V.A., and Smith, H.T. Ubiquitint a multifunctional regulatory protein
apeociatad with the cytoskeleton. (Research Article) Ins Iqbal, K., Wisniewski,
N.H., Winblad, 8. (eds). Alzhelmar disease and related disorders. New York: Alan R.
Liss, pp 733~744, 1989,

Perin, M.8., Fried, V.A., Mignery, G.A., Jatin, R.,; and Sudhof, 7.0, Phospholipid
binding by a synaptic veaicle protein homologous to the regulatory region of protein
kinase C, Nature. 345:260-263, 1990.

Bancher, C., Grundke-Iqbal, I., Iqbal, "K., Fried, V.A., Smith, H.T., Wisniewski, HLM.
Abnormal phosphorylation of tau precedes ubiquitination in neurofibrillary pathology
of Alzheimer diseasa. frain Research §39111-18, 1991.

Lanza, F., Wolf, D., Fox, C.F., Kieffer, N., Seyere, J.M., Pried, V.A., Coughlin, §,R.,
Phillips, D.R., and Jennings, L.K. cDNA cloning and expression of platelat p24/cd9:
Evidence for a new family of multiple membrane spanning proteins, J. Riol. Cham.
266:10638-10645, 1991,

Scarborough, R.M., Rose, J.W., Hau, M.A, Phillips, D.R., Fried, V.A., Campbell, A.M.,
Nannissi, L., Charo, I.F. Barbourin: A GPIIb-Illa-specifie integrin antagonist from
the venom of Sistrtra m. barbouri. J. Biol. Chem., 266:93859-9363, 1991.

Escobedo, J.A., Navankasattusas, S., Kavanaugh, W.M., Milfay, D., Fried, V.A.,
Williams, L.T. cDNA cloning of a novel 85kD protein that has SH2 domaine, and
regulates binding of PI3 kinase to the receptor, Cell, 65:75-82, 1991.

Perin, M.S., Fried, V.A., Stone, D.K. Xia, X.-8., Sudhof, T,C, Structura of the 116KDA
polypeptide of clathrin-coated veaicle/synaptic vesicle proton pump. J.Biol. Chem.
266:3877-388, 1991.

Pehrson, J.R., and Fried, V.A., MacroH2A, a core hlatone containing a larga nonhistone
ragton., Science, in press (1992),

Cenclaralli, C,, Hou, D., Hau, J-C., Rellahan, B.L., Welat, D.L., Smith, H.T., Fried,
V.A., and Waigeman, A.M. Activation induced ubiquitination of the T-call antigen
receptor, Science, in presa (1992),