The next study, by Sandler et al. (NIEHS), deals with cancer

 

risks in adulthood from early life exposure to parent smok-
ing. This is published in the American Journal of Public
Health. The authors conclude that cancer risk was increased
50% among offspring of men who smoke and that the increased
risk associated with fathers' smoking could not be explained
simply by demographic factors, social class, or individual
smoking habits. It was not limited to known smoking-related
sites. The relative risk estimates, the authors calculate,
which are associated with fathers' smoking tended to be high-
est for smokers, males, and non-whites. By contrast,
maternal smoking was only shown to produce a slight increase
in overall cancer risk.

Extramural Activities

RJRT Contract Program - A meeting was held on June 19 between
Dr. Eatough of BYU and Dr. Charles Green of RJRT FR&D. At
that meeting, final plans to revise the Hart Scientific/
Eatough proposal were agreed upon. Dr. Eatough will submit a
revised proposal.

TI/ETS Working Group - A proposal to conduct a study of the
influence of assortive mating on exposure to ETS from the
spouse has been submitted for review and funding consider-
ation. The proposed study will be conducted by a team of
researchers from the Medical College of Virginia.

Toxicology Research

General - Drs. Burger, Ayres, deBethizy, and Walker met with
Bill Allen, selected staff from Engineering, and vendors to
discuss plans for an Inhalation Toxicology facility.

Dr. Burger met with the University of Kentucky staff along
with Jerry Shiffert and members of Agricultural Research to
discuss joint needs in research programs on June 18.

Ames Test - Three samples were tested for Bill Casey with two

strains of Salmonella.

Six samples were tested for Bill Rice and Jack Sensabaugh
with two strains of Salmonella.

Six samples were tested for Mike Dube with two strains of
Salmonella.

on
rR
he
Ss
-
ro
N
a
~]