Indication that benzolalpyrene does not meaningfully contribute
to the biclogical activity of cigarette smoke.

Evidence from prior studies employing both animal models and
contemporary molecular techniques indicates that trace quantities
of Bla]P which may occur in tobacco emoke have no meaningful
biological significance. While the relationship between mouse
skin tumors and human lung tumors is uncertain at best, this
method has long been used to study the biclogical activity of
materials found in the particulate phase of smoke, including
benzo[a]pyrene. Numerous mouse skin painting studies have
established that Bla]P does not contribute substantially to the
tumorigenicity of cigarette smoke condensate in this model.
Furthermore, instillation studies of cigarette smoke preparations
in a rat lung model have determined that only 0.17% of the total
tumorigenic response elicited by the active fractions of smoke
particulates could be attributed to BlalP present in smoke. The
Quantities of Bla]P present in such smoke preparations is simply
several orders of magnitude too low to be of toxicological
significance.

Studies employing *P-postlabeling techniques to measure adducts
in both human smokers and in smoke-exposed experimental animals
have frequently described the detection of "adducts" as a
characteristic, smoke-associated "diagonal radioactive zone", or
DRZ, which ostensibly represents the detection of small
quantities of diverse, uncharacterized adducts. The significance
of this unusual, but consistentiy-observed phenomenon is unknown,
but the DRZ is clearly inconsistent with the generation of a
substantial quantity of discrete DNA adduct spots such as would
be generated by the pure BPDE treatment conditions employed by
Denissenko and coworkers. The fact that high doses of BPDE may,
in isolation, induce an in vitro adduct pattern such as was
described by Denissenke et al. should be viewed in light of the
large extant database from both conventional and molecular
epidemiology which documents a far more complex reality. A
further indication that high experimental doses may distort in
vivo phenomena is provided by previous in vitro studies which
have shown that high-level BPDE treatments such as those employed
by Denissenko and coworkers induce a different type of mutation
{increasingly G-C targeted) than do low-level treatments {A-T
targeted). The in vitro findings of Denissenko et al. may
therefore be quite dissimilar to any effects occurring in
association with trace-level in vivo exposures to Bjia]P
metabolites.

While the â€œp-postlabeling technique is exquisitely sensitive in
its detection of apparent DNA adducts, those adducts are
generally present in quantities far below the limits of most
available methods for their structural identification and
characterization. However, very recent studies have applied the
analytical power of synchronous fluorescence spectrophctometry to

PLOPOGSS

5