complement the sensitivity of the *P-postlaheling technique to
achieve comparisons among structuralily-defined BPDE-DNA adducts,
smoking-asscciated (DR&Z) adducts, and P53 mutations from human
iung tumor specimens, Notably, and in contrast to the
conclusions of Denissenko ef ai., this study found no significant
correlation between structurally-confirmed BPDE adducts and P53
mutations in human tumors.

Conclusion

fhe investigations of Denissenko et al. comprise an interesting
mechanistic approach to the study of apparent DNA adducts
generated by a model test compound in vitro, and the potential
relationship of such adducts to mutations which have been
reported to occur in the multifunctional human P53 gene in vivo.
The study centers on BPDE, a metabolite of a minor component of
cigarette smoke and other combustion products. Some sites of DNA
adduction by BPDE were coincident with recorded sites of P53
mutation, while in other instances in this and. other studies,
such adducts appear not to be associated with mutations. No new
data from either smoke or from human tumors was presented. In
the absence cf such data, any extension of the reported in vitro
observations of Denissenko ef ai. to a complex mixture such as
cigarette smoke or to actval human smoking is purely
hypothetical.

an

SLOPO6GSS