November 5, 1996

A Review of:

Denissenko, M.F., Pac, A., Tang, M., and Pfeifer, G.P.
Preferential Formation of Benzofa}jpyrene Adducts at Lung Cancer
Mutational Hotspots in P53. (1996) Science 274, 430-432.

by J. D. Heck, R. S. Lake, and R. DB. Leverette

The journal Science published in its October 18 issue a study by
Mikhail Denissenkc and colleagues which describes DNA adduct
patterns in the P53 gene of cultured cells exposed to
benzoflalpyrene diol epoxide (BDPE}. The most frequent sites for
this in vitro adduct formation were compared to a previously-
published database which has inventoried the sites of mutation in
the P53 gene of human tumors. Publication of the paper was
accompanied by a flurry of reports in the print and broadcast
news media which grossly overinterpreted the actual findings of
the investigators. The following statement is based on our own
review of the paper and briefly references a substantial and
well-founded bedy of prior work in the field which supports a
very different perspective on the biological significance of
benzo({alpyrene (B[alP} in cigarette smoke.

The P53 gene and cancer

The P53 geneâ€™s ultimate product is a protein which normally acts
as a transcription factor that participates in the regulation of
other genes involved in a variety of fundamental cell functions,
including cell growth control, DNA repair, and the initiation of
apoptosis {programmed cell death). P53 is a highly conserved
gene which has been identified in many species. It is also the
human gene most frequently identified as being altered by
matation in.a variety of human cancers, with mutations having
been identified.at the majority of P53's 393 codons (2 DNA
muclectide coding units which specify individual amino acids of
the P52 protein}. Over 50% of human tumors analyzed to date from
various sites, including the lung, have been found to have P53
mutations. However, the fact that many human and experimental
animal tumors do not appear to have detectable P53 mutations
indicates thet such mutations are not a mandatory step in the
incompletely-understood process of carcinogenesis.

The experiments of Denissenko eb al,

Denissenko and coworkers describe experiments in which
syntheticaily-prepared BPDE, which is thought to be a DNA-
reactive mammalian metabolic product of Bfa]P, was chserved to

4

OL9 7068