Product Line Volume (Continued)

Direct Marketing Coupon Quantity Test (#86153) - Scheduled for drop on
September 15, this test will use revised 4-coupon and 8-coupon formats.
Final proofs were reviewed on September 10.

Direct Marketing Pack/Coupon Test (#86158) - Scheduled for an initial: ~
drop on September 22 using $1/2-pack coupons. Proofs were reviewed on :
September 12. The second phase of this program wil] mail on

September 28.

Direct Marketing Accelerated Continuity Test - The initial mailing of $3
value WINSTON and SALEM coupons is scheduled for September 15. Proofs
have been reviewed and approved.

Direct Marketina Test Programs - Schedules are being revised fer the
Volume Screener, Redemption Reword, and WINSTON Lights Box test mailings
due to revisions on the art/mechanical. The new mailing date is
projected for October 13.

Other

1986 Carolina Street Scene - All elements of Street Scene successfully
completed. Crowds appeared to be the largest we have had over our 4
year involvement. FMI did a good job in all areas of execution.

Store Front Program (Expansion Test) - Initial installations began in
Wichita, Kansas, as scheduled the week of July 7. Six stores have been
completed. The seventh and last store is scheduled for installation the
week of 9/15. A. L. Barnett will observe program the week of 9/15.

Pole Mount refurbishing (test) - An initial field evaluation has been
completed and indicates positive results. A second evaluation is
scheduled for September as the units will have been on location for a
period of two months. Â°

Superclock - A second field audit by Kelly Services is scheduled for the
week of September 8. Field audit Report is due from Kelly on 10/6/86.

Convenience Store (C-Time) - During June (1986) Van Wagner installed 10
test units in Charleston, South Carolina. A. L. Barnett is scheduled to
observe the seven stores having RJR copy the week of 9/15.

1986 Highway Volume Program - Year-to-date a total of 4,153 12M cases of
product has been moved through this program.

New York Seated Sampling - Year-to-date a total of 685,120 sample 12's
have been distributed through major hotel banquets.

1987 POS (Rerun Items) - Purchase requisitions have been approved by
Management. Art/mechanicals were received on 9/8 as scheduled and
delivered to Purchasing on 9/9.

S7GL 09505