as leroo *COvV & BUR FOF samt

o ti : Th

In addition to assessing exposure levels, scien-
tists have sought to estimate the effects of Ts by con=
ducting epidemiological studies, Such studies attempt to
identify two population groups, one having baan exposed to
ETS and the other reporting no exposure. Scientists then
estimate and compare the lung cancer rates experienced by
each group. Such studies have yielded conflicting re-=-
sults, with two early studies finding that there was a
Correlation between exposure te ETs and lung cancer, and
most later studies Concluding that no statiatically-
significant relationship exists. In trying to make sense
of these studies, two important factors should be noted.

he Problem of Misdisgnosig. First, there exist
several types of lung cancer, Some of these have been
linked to smoking, while others bear no relationship at
all. For example, there is an important distinction be~
tween primary lung cancer and secondary lung cancer. Pri-
mary lung cancer, which sometimes has been linked to smok-
ing, begins and Gevelops in the lung. Secondary lung can-
cer is cancer that begins elsewhere in the body but
Spreads to the lung in the same way that cancer anywhere
in the body sometimes spreads to other parts of the body.7

in assessing whether there is a relationship be-

tween ETS and lung cancer, the distinction between primary

9829T000G2

and secondary cancer is paramount. Secondary lung cancer

results from other cancers and plainly beara no relation-

~