i
o

eag° a6:007. «COV & BUR : - - Fas

a

cluded that women who ware married to smokers had a
greater chance of developing lung cancer than women mar-
ried to nonsmokers.

Numerous subsequent studies have criticized the
methodologies of these two reports. For example, a par=
ticipant in a 1987 Tokyo conference published a report
that questioned the Hirayama study’s statistical mathod-
ology and criticized the study's failure to report or
evaluate “dietary and occupational factors known to in-
fluance susceptibility te lung cancer."11 ty 1988, two
reports for a conference in the United Kingdom stated that
the Hirayama study had failed to divide the study popula-
tion into appropriate age groups. The reports found that
when such age bias was removed, the purported risk to non-
smoking wives disappeared completely .12

Similarly, many scientists have criticized the
Trichopoulos study for numerous flaws, ineluding the fail-
ure to diagnose carefully the nature of the lung cancers
involved. The authors of the Trichopoulos study them-
selves noted in 1983 that their research had been
“eriticized (by ourselves and others) because of the small
number of subjects, because several tumors lacked histo-
legical confirmation, and because controls and cases were
from different. hospitals, "25

Research into the health effects of ETS contin=

ues, and some of the more recent studies have made impor-

6sZgtooose

tant advances in improving upon the methedologies utilized
in the Hirayama and Trichopolous atudies. ‘These include

two recent studies that, for the first time, have incorpo-