r

oF

a

uy

Ba 16:00

=-=6=—

on individual nonsmokers who have been narried to smokers.
Without accounting for other variables, however, this is
not likely te lead to reliable results. For example, lung
cancer -~ like all cancers -- tends most often to afflict
those of an advanced age. Thus, when comparing two popu~
lation groups, one must compare groups with closely simi-
lar age distributions.

In addition, studies must be careful to isolate
ETS from other variables that may cause lung cancer, such
as poor diet and fitness, and occupations that expose
workers to indoor and outdeor air pollution. This is par-
ticularly important because individuals who smoke are not
randonly distributed in society. In some countries, famni-
lies with smokers tend to fall disproportionately in lower
income classes, where diet is often not as healthy and
there is a greater chance of employment in an occupation
with exposure to alr pollution. If a study fails to ¢on-
trol for these factors, it may conclude falsely that ETS
is contributing to cancer when in fact the determinative

factor may be something entirely different.

E Lo es

Not surprisingly, the results of epidemiological
studies have closely reflected the extent to which they
have successfully avoided problems of nisdiagnosis of
symptoms and mischaracterization of other variables. Tha
debate in the scientific community began in earnest in
1932 with studies conducted in Japan (the Hirayama study)

and Greece (the Trichopoulos study).2° These studies con-

xCOV & BUR FO 4

BEZ9T00052