C tte C

pressure and lip drape. |The Barclay tested at between .18 mg.
.
tac and 1.5 ag. tar on a cigarette smoking machine modified with

a Kamm holder.

The other four. commenters (RJR, B.M., Lorillard and AB) ali
eriticized the Kamm holder and urged that it be rejected. RJR,
PM and AB all indicated that the holder was a complex device that
would be difficult to use’ and maintain. Specifically, all felt
that the need to create and maintain a standardized pressure
would create difficulties ana would be a constant source of
error, which, in turn, wold require new validity checking
procedures. Lorillard asserted that the Kamm holder did not
correct for the deficiencies of the current system, that is, the
holder did not in fact bldek the peripheral channels of Barclay
style cigarettes and did fot cause- the efficiency of the Filter
to be diminished. RJR agreed that tests with the Kamm holder did
met replicate the £indings of the ventilation studies that showed
substantially ceduced ventilation levels when the Barclay was
smoked by humans as opposed to the smoking machine. PM and
Lorillard both remarked chat tests on the Kamm holder resulted in
Barclay being rated as a 1 mg. tar cigarette, while the FIC and

two courts have found this rating to be inaccurate. Finally, “AB
|

indicated that it believed! the Kamm holder should not be adopted
~ |

Leta operation, the cigarette is positioned inside a polymer
tube, made of the thinnest~walled, most compliant tubing material
avallable, whicn provides for maximum 'lip drape.' When pressure
is applied ta the tupe it balloons inward to simulate ‘Lip drape’
and lip pressure." B&W letter of December 1, 1983 to Carol
Crawford, .

| 4

9bP2L00T2S