€ ue €

'
comments in part because so Little information had been publicly
available. Those organizations, the American Cancer Society
{ACS), the American Lung Association (ALA) and the American Heart
Association (AHA), did submit comments that dealt exclusively
with question 7 of the Faderal Register Notice concerning the
implications for the testing procedure of the issues raised by
compensatory smoking.

The Commission also

rook the opportunity of reopening the
coument period to announce that it was placing on the public
record a new cigarette testing filter holder ("Kamm Holder") that
had been brought to the Commission's attention by Brown &
Williamson. It requested those interested in commenting on this
holder (in addition to the holders described in the original
Federal Register notice) to do so during this reopened comment
period, Five cigarette mangfacturers took the opportunity to
comment on the Kamm holder, in addition to supmitting other
comments, They were R.J. Reynolds Tobacca Company (RJR),
Lorillard, Philip Morris [Incorporated (PM), Brown & Williamson
{8&W) and American Brands, Incorporated (AB).
|
Finally, in addition! to the comments from the three health
norganizations andthe five cigarette companies, numerous letters
were received from consumers whicn were not directly pertinent.
The majority of letters can be characterized as general anti-
Smoking comments {although there were tnree pro-smoking

- \
comments.) Seven commenters specifically cequested that the FTC

PPPL.00TSS