Sklor's paper amplified the smoking-lipoprotein findings
somewhat. As girl smokers grow older, he said, their lipopro-
tein profiles begin to resemble those of white boys who smoke.
The more cigarettes smoked daily, the lower high density lipo-
protein levels and the higher the other lipids. Smokers also
had higher diastolic blood pressures.

-O-
Miscellaneous items:

William B. Kannel, reporting on atrial fibrillation in the
Framingham Heart Study population, said the incidence of this
ailment was not related to smoking or serum cholesterol level.

-0-
In a poster presentation, Charles H. Hennekens of Boston re-
ported an association between oral contraceptive use and in-
creased blood pressure. He said the association was not changed
by former pill use or differences in age, body weight, parity,
and smoking habits among pill users when they were compared to
nonusers.

-0-

Tennis great Arthur Ashe, who had a heart attack in 1979 at
the age of 36 and subsequently underwent: a triple. bypass opera~-
tion, will be the 1981 national campaign chairman for the heart
association.

-0O-

James Schoenberg, Chicago, was installed as president and
Robert J. Cruikshank of Houston, where he is in charge of the
Deloitte Haskins and Sells accounting office, was installed as
chairman of the board.

Donald C. Harrison, the heart transplant expert at Stanford
University, was named president-elect, and John T. Fitzpatrick,
senior partner in the Fairfield, Conn., law firm of Fitzpatrick
and Fray, was named chairman-elect.

,0286 LEZOS