MEDIA TRAINING -- PHASE IZ

Negative reaction is already pouring in. RJR must
counter with a barrage of positive interviews and
stories.

Ed Horrigan, and to a somewhat lesser extent Dick Kampe,
could get an abundance of favorable exposure on
television business programs. "Wall Street Week" would
be an ideal forum for Horrigan and there are many others
of a pro-business nature which would likely not be
adversarial in tone. The investment community watches
such programs faithfully and is clearly influenced by
them. There are similarly many print opportunities on
the business page.

Horrigan and Kampe should receive specific training by
MediaCom prior to each such interview after a brief
refresher program. The training would focus on the
nature and customs of this particular program or
interviewer, the points to be made and the best way to
deliver those points. Since the subject is so touchy
with both great opportunities and great perils, a full
rehearsal should be done prior to each such interview.
Both the "must air" points and points to be avoided
should receive extensive attention in the context of the
forum to be faced.

Similarly, the two scientists should now be utilized for
interviews, both for technical and general publications.
Television and radio might offer possibilities for them
but print is clearly their main battleground. Again they
should receive "situation specific" training prior to
each appearance along with a debriefing afterward.

All four should be prepared for possible ambush
interviews. And they should receive more intensive print
and telephone interview training than they have had to
date.

We feel we should get moving on this program as quickly
as possible. Time lost will be opportunity lost. And
the imbalance of coverage can grow while we ponder.

 

6sot Â£b90S