FIRE SAFETY ISSUES:

As RJR is aware there has been building in this
country for sometime demands for a "fire safe"
cigarette. Cigarettes are blamed for an inordinate
number of home fires started in furnishings.
Furniture manufacturers have tried to address this in
recent years through certain construction procedures
for upholstered furniture and there are fabric
producers who have developed fire resistant
materials.

Nevertheless, the pressure for a fire safe cigarette
will continue. Rep. Moakley of Massachusetts and
Sen. Cranston of California have proposed legislation
in which the Food and Drug Administration would be
ordered to create minimum standards for cigarette
fire safety. Moakley particularly has been on this
path for a number of years.

The fire safety aspect of "0" cigarettes has barely
been touched upon, but there is obviously opportunity
here to develop a major program working with the fire
services. In fact, the International Association of
Fire Fighters just recently announced a program to
lobby for fire safe furniture legislation in four
states. At present, the only federal requirement for
cigarette emission performance is for mattress (FF-4-
72) legislation which is enforced by the Consumer
Product Safety Commission. We could explore the
possibility of support from such groups as the Fire
Fighters, the International Association of Fire
Chiefs, International Society of Fire Service

Instructors, National Fire Protection Association,
Ine.

There is obviously a story to be told to property
insurers, transportation industry, etc. In order for
this kind of a program to have effect, it will have
to be backed up with full-scale testing by recognized
agencies such as Underwriters Labs, Southwest
Research Institute, or even the National Bureau of
Standards. The fire community particularly will not
accept in house laboratory testing by RUR.

gsot 5190S