It...

Iii.

IV...

Unlike "Newsprint", the results for "Center Pack" and

"Side Pack" were at or above the norm for True Laser
spreads. (50%, 60%).

(See Table 1A):

Incorrect Noting

Since concern was expressed over the possible
confusion of the "Newsprint" and with Merit, a fourth
cell was constructed to: ascertain the level of
incorrect brand noting.

Results. showed that the level of noting an incorrect

cigarette ad (15%) was generally in line with previous

data. On an even more positive note, the specific
noting of "Merit" only accounted for 1%.

(See Table: 1B)
Purchase: Intent

Among noters (and excluding True smokers), purchase
intent levels were quite similar for all three ads...
Top two box (extremely/very interested), (6%, 7%, 5%):
and top box (2%) levels showed little, if any,
discrimination.

It should also be noted that bottom two box levels
were, however, somewhat higher for "Center Pack" (38%)
and "Side Pack" (42%) relative to "Newsprint" (33%).

(See Table 2)
Ad Recall

The advertising recall portion of the data indicated
diffferences across the various: test cells.

Relative to "Newsprint" (33%), "product quality" -
related responses were higher for both "Center Pack"
(41%) and "Side Pack" (43%). In line with this, "low
tar and nicotine" mentions were also higher for these
ads (25%/22%) versus "Newsprint" (16%).
Interestingly, "filter-related" playback was stronger
for "Side Pack" (27%) than "Newsprint" (16%) and
â€œCenter Pack" (15%). "New, improved" and "laser-cut
filter" were the types of comments played back most
within this category. As was expected, "pack"
mentions were highest for "Center Pack" (78%). Taste
playback was equal for all three ads (about 8%).

(See Table 3)

ooszbzb0