vi.

VII.

VIII.

Main Point

A similar story occurred for Main Point data. Product
qualities were mentioned more often after seeing "Side
Pack" (69%) as opposed to "Newsprint" (59%) and
"Center Pack" (61%). In addition, "filter" playback
was more likely to be recalled after seeing this ad
(17%): as opposed to the others (9%/12%).

(See Table 4)

Attribute Ratings

Based on the ad seen, respondents were asked to rate
True on a series of attribute dimensions. On a top
box basis (agree completely), results were generally.
comparable across. cells. The: only noteworthy
difference: involved a signifiicantly higher rating for
"is low in tar and nicotine" after seeing "Center
Pack" (60%) versus "Side Pack" (52%). Resulits were
less definitive for "has a rich, full-bodied tobacco
flavor" although "Side Pack" (18%) garnered slightly
higher agreement than either "Newsprint" (14%) or
"Center Pack" (12%).

(See Table 5)

Message Believability

In terms of message believability, little hard
evidence was available to suggest one ads clear
superiority, over another. Each ad was thought to be
"extremely or very believable" by 20% - 26% of each
cell.

(See: Table 6)

Message: Importance

Little discrimination occurred across ads on the
dimension of message importance. Approximately

one-fifth in each cell felt the ad"s message was
"extremely/very important".

(See Table 7)