4/14/88 CU:. DRS. JACOBSON ,GLENN,SOMMERS SCIENTIFIC STAFF
February 24, 1988

GRANT APPLICATION NO. 2284

Joseph D. Fenstermacher, Ph.D., State University of New York

Dr. Fenstermacher a professor of physiology and biophysics in
Stonybrook, New York, is interested in experiments on the rat toâ€™
determine and relate local cerebral blood flow and correlate it with
local glucose utilization. He divided his goals in a whole series of
subdivisions, and hypotheses. These hypotheses are related to the
effect of nicotine on both cerebral blood flow and cerebral glucose
utilization. For that purpose two experimental series of rats will be
used, control and those with nicotine exposure. All methods are highly
jndirect. For example, he will use quantitative autoradiography, in
which the optical density is related to the radioactivity from standard
data, he will use light microscopy in order to study morphometry. Blood
flow will be measured with 14C iodoantipyrine. He seems to believe
quite firmly in the idea that there is recruitment of blood vessels in
the brain, a fact which has never been verified by direct observations.
He also thinks that with this methodology he is able to determine volume
of perfused microvessels. Despite a multiplicity of specific aims and
hypotheses, it really boils down to a correlation between local blood
flow and local glucose utilization.

Since all methods are indirect, they are beset with a
difficulty of drawing conclusion which are very involved and difficult
to substantiate. For example, quantitative autoradiography, iodoanti-
pyrine measurement of surface area and permeability products all these

are highly speculative.