Rnb at te Slate ce Date Renneke lee

Executive Committee
July 17, 1987
Page 2

Oo Dr. Richard Rahn, Vice President, U.S. Chamber of

Commerce, testified in opposition to any tax increase,
including excise taxes. Rahn endorsed an alternative
revenue options package including proposals to substitute
$3.9 billion in spending reductions for revenue increases,
reduce the capital gains tax rate, and fixed-percentage
settlement on IRS disputes.

oO John Motley, Director, Federal Legislation, National
Federation of Independent Business, testified in opposition
to tax rate changes, increased estate taxes, and a value
added tax. Asked by Sen. Daschle to make a choice between
excise, consumption or income taxes, Motley said, "excise
taxes would be the least objectionable."

Â° Representatives from the Episcopal Church Pension Fund
and The American Council on Education testified against a
proposal to establish an excise tax on investment income of
tax exempt organizations.

o Mark Bloomfield, President, American Council for Capital
Formation, testified in support of a 15 percent capital gains
tax, which he said could raise $31 billion in new revenue
over the next three years. Bloomfield added, "nearly 80
percent of the revenues would come from taxpayers with
incomes greater than $100,000."

o Representatives from the Petroleum Marketers Association
and the American Petroleum Institute testified in opposition
to a gasoline tax or an oil import fee. Charles DiBona,
President, American Petroleum Institute, told the Committee,
"no tax should be imposed on specific industries to solve a
problem created by all."

We will continue to keep you informed.

Attachments

SDC:ip

cc: TI Senior Staff

CLE STISK