MEMORANDUM

June: 30, 1988

TO: G.R. Telford
FROM: A. Pasheluk
E: Tobacco Advertising

The attached article which appeared in the "New York Times" on
Thursday, June 30 is cause for concern on many different. levels..

One of the more serious aspects of the legislation. is that
affecting the (banned) use of cigarette brand! names in the type
of promotional activities normally used to build and reinforce
brand imagery i.e. Newport Ski Spree, associations with local
sporting events such as a recent Kent putting contest in Phoenix,
etc.

The legislation does, however, permit use of a corporate name; a
decided: edge for the more well known Philip: Morris and RJR.

Now is the time for Lorillard to build greater awareness. of. the
corporate name so that. should it become necessary (i.e. similar
legislation as that passed in Canada being enacted here) we could
stay competitve in promotional. events.

Several vehicles for such a program could be considered: An
advertising "Quality" campaign not unlike Ford Motor. Company's
"Quality is: Job 1" campaign; simply greater association. of the
Lorillard name with branded products. via a logo or slogan i.e.
recall Nabisco's famous red triangle logo appearing at the end of
all broadcast ads for any of their products or, perhaps, the
investigation of the Lorillard name itself on a new brand. such as
a potential. breakthrough product. (as in our Reduced. Side Stream
project) or, a branded generic product.

If any of this sounds reasonable to you we: could begin by
evaluating awareness and imagery of the Lorillard name and then
formulate objectives and strategies to build on and exploit that
equity.

Can we discuss further, at your convenience?

 

/kw
Attachment

cc: T.H. Mau

SZETSOLS