6.4.3.4.3.3.3 Diet Consumption

Results of ANOVA indicate no statistically significant
differences in mean feed consumption among the groups exposed to
aerosols of glycerol. A lack of body weight changes further
substantiates the lack of significance of these data.

6.4.3.4.3.3.4 Pathology

6.4.3.4.3.3.4.1 Gross Observations at Necropsy

Very few gross lesions were observed, with no evidence of changes
attributable to exposure to either test article.

6.4.3.4.3.3.4.2 Histopathologic Observations

Larynx. Unidentified foreign bodies were observed in the
laryngeal lumen in one of ten (10%) male rats exposed to 4 mg/L
of glycerol, and in one of ten (10%) female rats exposed to 1
mg/L glycerol. No inflammatory response to these foreign bodies
was present.

Lungs. Aggregates of pulmonary alveolar macrophages (PAM) were
observed in alveoli of exposed and control rats. The incidence
of this lesion was slightly increased in male rats exposed to 2
mg/L (3/10; 30%) or 4 mg/L (4/10; 40%) of glycerol. These
lesions were minimal to mild in all groups, and the differences
in incidence between exposed and control groups is not
statistically significant. Numbers of PAM in alveoli would be
expected to increase following inhalation of any respirable
foreign substance.

Minimal suppurative alveolitis was observed in 1/20 (5%) of rats
exposed to 2 mg/L glycerol, and 1/20 (5%) of control rats. This
lesion was not interpreted as being related to exposure to test
article. Minimal focal hyperplasia of alveolar Type II cells was
observed in Rat #405 (exposed to 2 mg/L of glycerol), in
association with focal suppurative alveolitis and an aggregate of
PAM. Foci of minimal to mild intra-alveolar hemorrhage were
observed in 2/60 (3.3%) rats exposed to glycerol, and 0/20 in
control rats. The incidence of this lesions was too low to
associate it with exposure to the test article.

Goblet cells distended with mucin were clearly visible in the
epithelium of the sections of trachea and bronchi stained with
Alcian blue/PAS. There was an increased number of distended
goblet cells in mainstem bronchi in male rats exposed to the
highest concentrations of glycerol (7/10; 70%) when compared with
male controls (2/10;20%); this difference was not present in

â€˜female rats exposed to glycerol. There were no differences in

the severity of this change in exposed versus control groups; the

s1e9 2b90S