exposure atmosphere and to develop control parameters for
operation of the aerosol generation system.

6.4.3.4.2.6 Biological Measurements and Observations
6.4.3.4.2.6.1 Gross Observations

Animals were observed for signs of toxicity, morbidity, and
mortality two times per day (prior to exposure in the morning and
late in the afternoon), 7 days each week during the study. Times
of onset of signs and times of death, if any, were recorded.

6.4.3.4.2.6.2 Body Weights

Individual body weights were determined within 48 hours of
receipt, prior to exposure during the randomization procedure and
on study days 1, 3, 6, 9, 12, and at necropsy.

6.4.3.4.2.6.3 Diet Consumption

Diet consumption were determined during a 24-hour period on study
days 0 - 1, 7 - 8, and 13 â€”- 14.

6.4.3.4.2.6.4 Viability Checks

Complete necropsies with tissue collection for histopathology,
were performed as soon as possible on animals found dead or ina
moribund condition.

6.4.3.4.2.7 Necropsy and Histopathology Examination
6.4.3.4.2.7.1 Necropsy

All surviving animals in each treatment and control group were
necropsied on the day following the final exposure. Animals were
fasted overnight prior to necropsy. Blood for hematology and
clinical chemistry evaluations was collected from the orbital
sinus.

All test animals killed at scheduled necropsy were subjected to a
complete gross examination in the presence of a board-certified
veterinary pathologist experienced in rodent pathology. Special
attention was given to the lungs and upper respiratory tract.
Organ weights and the body weight were recorded at the time of
necropsy and used to calculate organ:body weight ratios. In
addition, organ:brain weight ratios were also calculated.

6.4.3.4.2.7.2 Tissue Collection

Tissues which were removed from each animal and fixed in a 10%
neutral buffered formalin solution included; Lungs, Nasal Cavity

6029 21905