had been collected. Of the collected aerosol mass, 84.4% +/- 9.1
SD was determined by gas chromatography to be glycerol.

6.4.3.4.3.2.2. Exposure System Performance

Ten rats/sex/dose group received nose-only exposures 6 hours/day,
for 10 consecutive work days, to target aerosol concentrations of
1, 2 or 4 mg/L of glycerol. An identical group served as
sham-exposed controls.

Measurements During Animal Exposures

During the exposures, aerosol concentrations were measured hourly
for each exposure group using the same monitor that was moved
among the exposure groups. The RAM~1 sample rate was less than
the 350 cc/minute aerosol input rate of an individual exposure
port to ensure that only fresh incoming aerosol was sampled
without dilution from spent aerosol that would be aspirated from
the exhaust plenum at higher sampler flow rates. Two
gravimetrically analyzed Gelman type A/E 25 mm glass fiber filter
samples were collected daily from each exposure chamber for the
determination of aerosol concentration, GC analysis, and RAM-1
calibration. One sample was collected during the first 3 hours
of exposure and the second during the last 3 hours. The mean
aerosol concentrations for the ten days of exposure were 1.01 +/-
0.08, 2.01 +/- 0.33 and 4.05 +/= 0.33 mg glycerol/liter for low,
mid and high concentration target exposures. Each mean value was
based upon 20 filters analyzed gravimetrically.

Particle Size Measurements

Particle size distribution was measured using Mercer cascade
impactors three times for each concentration before the start of
the animal exposures and twice during the exposures. The
quantity collected on each impactor stage was analyzed
gravimetrically and the resulting data analyzed by the NEWCAS
impactor analysis program. The mean MMAD for the 1, 2 and 4 mg/L
exposure groups were 1.46 +/- 0.07, 1.45 +/- 0.26 and 1.45 +/-
0.22 microns; respectively. The Geometric standard deviations
(GSD) for the 1, 2 and 4 mg/L groups were 1.75, 2.11 and 1.91;
respectively.

6.4.3.4.3.2.3 Animals and Animal Care

Sprague-Dawley-derived (Cr1:CD) rats were received from Charles
River Breeding Laboratories (Raleigh, N.C.) at the testing
laboratory and judged to be in good condition.

The animals were quarantined for a minimum of two weeks prior to

the initiation of study exposures. On the day of their arrival,

five males plus five females, randomly selected, were removed for
gross necropsy and serology tests. A second randomly selected

ere9 Â£b90S