of light, temperature control (67 to 72 F) and humidity control
(40% to 60% RH) as well as a minimum of 12 air exchanges per
hour.

Animals received Purina Certified Pellet Chow No. 5002 and water
ad libitum except during exposure.

6.4.3.4.2.5 Exposure System
6.4.3.4.2.5.1 Dose Selection

Exposure concentrations were chosen as fractions of the maximum
attainable concentration which was determined by the testing
laboratory to be 4 mg/liter of glycerol aerosol with a mass
median aerodynamic diameter (MMAD) < 3 um. Thus, 4 mg/L, 2 mg/L
and 1 mg/L were chosen as the exposure concentrations which would
provide the greatest likelihood of biological effect as well as
demonstrate any possible dose-response.

6.4.3.4.2.5.2 Aerosol Generation System

Atmospheres of glycerol aerosol were developed by liquid
nebulization of a 92% glycerol- 8% water solution and diluted to
the desired concentration by the addition of Hepa filtered air.
Operating parameters of the nebulization system were chosen to
control MMAD to < 3 um.

6.4.3.4.2.5.3 Animal Exposure System

Animal exposures were conducted in a 48 port nose-only inhalation
exposure apparatus developed by Canon, et al. This system
supplies fresh aerosol to each subject in a continuous stream
which is then scavenged to a central exhaust plenum. Aerosol
delivery to each animal exposure port was regulated to be 350
ml/min.

6.4.3.4.2.5.4 Exposure System Measurement

Exposure system performance was determined by gravimetric and
real time light scatter (RAM-1) determinations of concentration.
Filter samples which were collected. for gravimetric analysis were
subsequently analyzed for glycerol content by gas chromatography.
The concentration measurements were employed to control temporal
stability (+/- 10% relative standard deviation, RSD), spatial
homogeneity (+/- 7% RSD), and exposure system aerosol
concentration.

Particle size distribution was measured by cascade impactor and
laser system analysis (TSI-APS-3300). The particle size
measurements were utilized to assure respirability of the

goco 2190S