for the Care and Use of Laboratory Animals (National Institutes
of Health Publication No.86-23). The animal facilities and
animal-care program are and have been fully accredited by the
American Association for the Accreditation of Laboratory Animal
Care (AAALAC) since 1977. Room conditions included 12 hours of
dark, 12 hours of light, temperature control (67 to 72 F) and
humidity control (40% to 60% RH) as well as a minimum of 12 air
exchanges per hour.

Animals received Purina Certified Pellet Chow No. 5002 and water
ad libitum except during exposure.

6.4.3.4.4.5 Exposure System
6.4.3.4.4.5.1 Dose Selection

Exposure concentrations were chosen as significant exagerations
of any possible human inhalation exposure from the intended use
of glycerol in R.J. Reynolds cigarette products. The highest
dose selected (0.66 mg/L) also corresponded to the same total
dose given in the previous 14-day study. That concentration (4
mg/L) was the maximum attainable concentration of glycerol
aerosol with a mass median aerodynamic diameter (MMAD) < 3 um.
Thus, 0.660 mg/L, 0.165 mg/L and 0.033 mg/L were chosen as the
exposure concentrations which would provide the greatest
likelihood of biological effect as well as demonstrate any
possible dose-response.

6.4.3.4.4.5.2 Aerosol Generation System

Atmospheres of glycerol aerosol were developed by liquid
nebulization of glycerol solution and diluted to the desired
concentration by the addition of Hepa filtered air. Operating
parameters of the nebulization system were chosen to control MMAD
to < 3 un.

6.4.3.4.4.5.3 Animal Exposure System

Animal exposures were conducted in a 48 port nose-only inhalation
exposure apparatus developed by Canon, et al. This system
supplies fresh aerosol to each subject in a continuous stream
which is then scavenged to a central exhaust plenum. Aerosol
delivery to each animal exposure port was regulated to be 350
ml/min.

6.4.3.4.4.5.4 Exposure System Measurement

Exposure system performance was determined by gravimetric and
real time light scatter (RAM-1) determinations of concentration.
Filter samples which were collected for gravimetric analysis were
subsequently analyzed for glycerol content by gas chromatography.
The concentration measurements were employed to control temporal

gLe9 LL90S