_

t

 

OLY 49 ATM. POL

INHALATION TOXICOLOGY OF GLYCEROL

6.4.3.4.4 General methods for 90-day Glycerol Inhalation Study
in Rats Conducted at a Contract Laboratory

6.4.3.4.4.1. Introduction

A 90-day nose-only inhalation study was conducted at Battelleâ€™s
Pacific Northwest Laboratory under contract to the R.J. Reynolds
Tobacco company. The objective of the study was to investigate
the potential biological effects, if any, of 13 consecutive weeks
of exposures of glycerol aerosol in rats.

6.4.3.4.4.2 Experimental Design

The study included four experimental groups. One group was
exposed only to fresh filtered air and three groups were exposed
to concentrations of glycerol aerosol of 0.033, 0.165 and 0.660
mg/liter; respectively. Exposures were conducted for 6 hours per
day, 5 days per week for 13 consecutive weeks. Each exposure
group consisted of 15 male and 15 female rats which were 4 to 5
weeks old at receipt.

6.4.3.4.4.3 Experimental Animals

The Sprague-Dawley-derived rat was chosen as the test system for
this study because of the historical data base available from
previously conducted inhalation studies and its compatibility
with other endpoints of interest to R.J. Reynolds. The
Sprague-Dawley-derived rat was also the test system utilized in
the 14-day nose-only inhalation study recently conducted by
Battelle for R.J. Reynolds and from which the doses for this
study were selected. In addition, this strain has a lower
incidence of mononuclear cell leukemia than does the other
commonly utilized F-344 rat.

Test subjects were quarantined for 2 weeks and screened for
clinical abnormalities prior to selection for test article
exposure. Complete serology evaluations were conducted twice, at
a two week interval, prior to study start.

-

6.4.3.4.4.4 Animal Husbandry

Rats were individually housed in hanging, stainless steel wire
mesh cages which were cleaned weekly. The care and use of rats
for this study was in compliance with United States Department of
Agriculture (USDA) Regulations as promulgated from the Animal
Welfare Act of 1966 and amendments thereof, and with the "Guide

ZLE9 ZL906