gey HATM,. DOT

INHALATION TOXICOLOGY OF GLYCEROL

6.4.3.4.2 General methods a for 14-day Glycerol Inhalation Study
in Rats Conducted at a Contract Laboratory

6.4.3.4.2.1. Introduction

A 14-day nose-only inhalation study was conducted at Battelleâ€™s
Pacific Northwest Laboratory under contract to the R.J. Reynolds
Tobacco company. The objective of the study was to investigate
the potential biological effects, if any, of 10 consecutive
workday exposures of glycerol aerosol in rats. In addition, the
study was conducted to provide dose selection information for a
possible subchronic inhalation study of the same material.

6.4.3.4.2.2 Experimental Design

The study included four experimental groups. One group was
exposed only to fresh filtered air and three groups were exposed
to concentrations of glycerol aerosol of 1, 2 or 4 mg/liter;
respectively. Exposures were conducted for 6 hours per day, 5
days per week for ten consecutive workdays. Each exposure group
consisted of 10 male and 10 female rats which were 4 to 5 weeks
old at receipt.

6.4.3.4.2.3 Experimental Animals

The Sprague-Dawley-derived rat was chosen as the test system for
this study because of the historical data base available from
previously conducted inhalation studies and its compatibility
with other endpoints of interest to R.J. Reynolds. In addition,
this strain has a lower incidence of mononuclear cell leukemia
than does the other commonly utilized F-344 rat.

Test subjects were quarantined for 3 weeks and screened for
clinical abnormalities prior to selection for test article
exposure. Complete serology evaluations were conducted twice, at
a two week interval, prior to study start.

6.4.3.4.2.4 Animal Husbandry

Rats were individually housed in hanging, stainless steel wire
mesh cages which were cleaned weekly. Animal care was in
accordance with the Animal Welfare Act of 1970 and amendments
(Public Law 91-579) "Specifications for the Humane handling,
Care, Treatment and Transportation of Warm-blooded Animals other
than Dogs, Cats, Rabbits, Hamsters, Guinea Pigs and Nonhuman
Primates." Room conditions included 12 hours of dark, 12 hours

2029 2190S