change was graded as minimal in all exposed rats. There was a
low incidence of various inflammatory or degenerative lesions in
other organs with no evidence of a relationship to exposure to
the test article.

6.4.3.4.3.4.3 Terminal Body Weights, Organ Weights, Organ: Body
Weight Ratios, and Organ:Brain Weight Ratios

ANOVA results indicated that group (control, img/L, 2 mg/L and 4
mg/L) means were not significantly different for any of the body
weight, organ weight or organ ratio data.

6.4.3.4.3.5 Hematology and Clinical Chemistry

Only occasional sporadic statistical differences were observed in
variables from male and female rats, but there were no trends to
suggest a treatment-related effect. The absence of a clear
dose-response also strengthens the lack of biological
significance.

The only consistent effect noted on any of the clincal chemistry
variables was a statistically significant (P< 0.05) reduction in
the mean glucose values from all female groups exposed to the
various glycerol concentrations. This effect had an inverse
dose-response relationship when compared to control values. The
effect on glucose concentrations was not seen in the males, and
no other treatment-related trends were noted in either sex.

6.4.3.4.3.6 Discussion

Inhalation exposure of rats to very high (up to 4 mg/L)
concentrations of glycerol aerosols under the conditions of this
study had no effects of biological significance. The parameters
evaluated include signs of toxicity and morbidity; body weights;
diet consumption; mortality’ gross observations at necropsy;
histopathologic observations’ hematology (WBC, RBC, Hb
concentration, VPRC, and the RBC indices, i.e., MCV, MCH, and
MCHC) and serum chemistry (BUN, creatinine, glucose, protein,
albumin, globulin, albumin:globulin ratio, AST, ALT, LDH, GGT,
cholesterol, phospholipids and triglycerides); terminal body
weights; certain organ weights; organ:body weight ratios; and
organ:brain weight ratios.

9L¢9 2190S