Glycerol analysis was also conducted on 90 Gelman-type A/E 25mm
glass fiber filters upon which glycerol aerosol samples had been
collected during the animal exposures. Of the collected aerosol
mass, 93.6 +/- 9.7 SD was determined by gas chromatography to be
glycerol.

6.4.3.4.5.2.2 Exposure System Performance

Fifteen rats/sex/dose group received nose-only exposures 6
hours/day, five days/week, for 13 consecutive weeks, to target
aerosol concentrations of 0.033, 0.165 or 0.66 mg/L of glycerol.
An identical group served as sham-exposed controls.

Measurements During Animal Exposures

During the exposures, aerosol concentrations were measured hourly
for each exposure group using the same monitor that was moved
among the exposure groups. The RAM-1 sample rate was less than
the 300 cc/minute aerosol input rate of an individual exposure
port to ensure that only fresh incoming aerosol was sampled
without dilution from spent aerosol that would be aspirated from
the exhaust plenum at higher sampler flow rates.

Two gravimetrically analyzed Gelman type A/E 25 mm glass fiber
filter samples were collected daily from each exposure chamber
for the determination of aerosol concentration, GC analysis, and
RAM-1 calibration. One sample was collected during the first 3
hours of exposure and the second during the last 3 hours. The
mean aerosol concentrations for the 13 weeks of exposure were
0.033 +/- 0.005, 0.166 +/- 0.02 and 0.662 +/~ 0.09 mg
glycerol/liter for low, mid and high concentration target
exposures; respectively. Each mean value was based upon 130
filters analyzed gravimetrically.

Particle Size Measurements

Particle size distribution was measured, using Mercer cascade
impactors three times for each concentration before the start of
the animal exposures and weekly during the exposures. The
quantity collected on each impactor stage was analyzed
gravimetrically and the resulting data analyzed by the NEWCAS
impactor analysis program. The mean MMAD for the 0.033, 0.166 and
0.660 mg/L exposure groups were 1.09 +/— 0.125, 1.49 +/- 0.185
and 1.61 +/- 0.21 microns; respectively. The geometric standard
deviations (GSD) for the 0.033, 0.166 and 0.660 mg/L groups were
1.90, 1.69 and 1.75; respectively. °

6.4.3.4.5.2.3 Animals and Animal Care

Sprague-Dawley-derived (Cr1:CD) rats were received from Charles
River Breeding Laboratories (Raleigh, N.C.) at the testing
laboratory and judged to be in good condition.

€2e9 2£b90S