ww +

  

wt
=
=
=
e

wi

Peotone

Sagi RAE fos aa

sglasbatty 0X dabbalivg acaite fo"

INBIFO Institut flr biologische Forschung - Kdéln

OO A ener i errr rere ern

REPORT I 63 GD72 (R) All PAGE 9-9

9.1.11.3 Aflatoxins «=
(see TABLES 59 and 60)

The residues were well below the detection limits of the analytical
method and these detection limits were below the tolerance levels

(a).

9.1.12 Discussion

In the present study it was shown that marked lesions indicative
for atherosclerosis can be produced within 8 weeks by feeding
rabbits a casein-rich diet supplemented with cholesterol. This is
in accordance with similar studies, in which commercial or semi-
purified diets were supplemented with 5 to 50 grams cholesterol/
kilogram diet (e. g. Goto et al., 1974, Rosnowska et al., 1978 and
Renaud et al., 1979). The. serum cholesterol concentration obtained
during the treatment period was markedly increased, but an unequi-
vocal correlation between the cumulated cholesterol intake and the
cholesterol serum concentration was not observed. In contrary the
extent of fatty streaks in part 1 was numerically smaller than in
part 2, the serum cholesterol concentration, however, was higher in
part 1 than in part 2. This discrepancy shows, that the serum
cholesterol level cannot be used for a prediction of atherogenic
lesions in the aorta. -

The major parameter for the quantification of atherogenic lesions
in this study was the occurence and the extent of fatty streaks in
the thoracic (b) and the abdominal aorta of the rabbits. The term
fatty streaks is used as a preliminary description of the athero-
genic lesions observed. The histopathological description will be
obtained after the histological examination of the aorta, which

will be reported separately. A more detailed analysis of serum

 

(a) German Futtermittelverordnung (Jun.76)

(5) In this study thoracic aorta includes the ascending aorta and
the aortic arch.

2.KW83

 

O8986ST0G2