IONOPHORES AND ELEC TROPHOTOLUMINESCENCE 223

CHANNELS CARRIERS

1g

 

te E te

FIG. 6.,Typical time-course of (bottom to top) the external field
E,the intramembrane induced field Eq and electrophotoluminescenme
(EPL), in the absence (C) resp. presence (+I) of ionophores. E, is
the minimal field value for emission to occur, while t, is indica~
tive of the carrier turnover (see text).

These changes had the following properties : (1) the behaviour
depended on the gramicidin to chlorophyll ratio, rather than the
absolute amount of the former; (2) the inhibition was increased
by increasing the amount of alkali cations in the medium, while
keeping all other Parameters (including ionophore concentration)
constant; (3)low concentrations of gramicidin (0.01-10 nM}
induced only a {concentration dependent) decrease in EPL, while
high concentrations (0.1-10 WM) also produced kinetic changes ,and
in particular a considerable increase in the lag time for EPL
onset. This can be understood as follows : for high concentrations
the preexisting gramicidin channels are able to efficiently
diminish the intramembrane field E, due to the increase of
membrane conductivity, manifested immediately after the field
application; this, in turn, considerably lengthens the time needed
for attaining E, (see eq. (4) and Fig. 6), the result being an
increase in tla - The rate-limiting step here is Probably the
passage of the ions through the channel, which is in the mano -
second range [2]. On the other hand, at very low concentrations

50574472