: ak

=—- 25.

e- 26.

27.

‘
Mad

ea
J

wn

28.

29,

qr!

30.

32.

33.

34,

35.

36.

ment?

 

fe. John M. Pinney
- Tage Four.s.acee

777 > carbon Monoxide (Continued)

Does a “threshold" level result in adverse effects?

To what extent does the fetus adapt to low CO con-
centrations, and if so, what are the mechanisms?

To what extent does CO affect oxygen consumption by
the fetus or by individual organs?

How does the decrease in blood oxygen tension physio-
logically affect oxygen availability to the fetal
brain, heart, and other vital organs?

To what extent do decreases in the mean partial
pressures of capillary oxygen affect cellular respir-
ation? mo,

To what extent are the patterns of growth, develop-
ment, and maturation of the central nervous system
and other organ systems interrelated and affected.
by chronic low-level carbo mcnoxide exposure?

During what periods of gestation is the fetus
particularly vulnerable to CO effects?

To what extent are the effects of CO on the fetus
reversible?

To what extent does the interference with fetal
oxygenation result in problems such as mental
retardation, cerebral palsy, and perhaps sub-
clinical neurologic, intellectual, or behavioral
deficits?

Can modifications significantly decrease carbon
monoxide levels in tobacco smoke?

Do the carbon monoxide concentrations encountered
in association with maternal smoking adversely :
affect the infant's physical or psychomotor develogp-

What are the legal and regulatory considerations
concerning the maximum carbon monoxide exposure
allowed for pregnant women and newborn infants?

negz TAazOS