BROWâ„¢ & WILLIAXISON TOBACCO CORPORATION

L600 West Hill Street + Louisvilie. Kentucky 40201

March 31, 1971

Dr. John H. Kreisher

The Council for Tobacco Research - U.S.A,
110 East Fifty-Ninth Street

New York, New York 10022

Dear John:

I would Like to indicate for you some of my thoughts on the current
Walton-Morrissey Smoking Machine, demonstrated at the March 9 meeting.

It is obvious that considerable thought and effort has gone into
bringing the machine to its present state of development. From a
mechanical viewpoint the design is simple, straightforward, and should
require minimum maintenance. There are several design features I
would like to comment on, some of which were discussed at the meeting.

The design of the inhalation chamber is such that smoke distribution
within the chamber is a function of the smoke entrance velocity and
the dilution air stream. Since the entrance velocity is constant, as
the dilution air is decreased, the effective distribution must, there-
fore, decrease. After the two second puff is terminated, the smoke
begins to age for an interval equal to the exposure time. Due to the
chamber design it also begins to settle to the bottom of the chamber
where the concentration is increased. Dr. Rosenkrantz commented that
animals in the lower area always expire first. Only a long term study
would establish a definite pattern.

During the meeting, attention was brought to the close proximity of
the cigarettes to each other. Dr. Rosenkrantz was to determine if the
free burn rate is changed due to radiant heat. The current holder
design is based upon the use of 45 mm diameter Cambridge pads which
restricts the spacing of the cigarettes. As I pointed out to you at
the time, 70 mm dia. Cambridge pads are available which would permit
the cigarettes to be moved further apart.

A final point in question is the capillary entrance port. This design
creates a potential for two physical changes to occur to the smoke

aerosol. As the smoke is compressed into the smail diameter tunnel,
the chance for collision between particles is increased. If the

CTR CONTRACTS 009745

11229487