oa)

Sor TOBACCO COMPANY’

MEMORANDUM
January 2, 1991

TO:: FF. J. Schultz
FROM: S. 8S. Miller

SUBJECT: Low Ignition Propensity Cigarettes

Direction was given to develop a modified Newport cigarette with
"low ignition propensity" properties that smoked equal to the
control. Prior work by A. M. Ihrig) and C. I. Lewis showed that a
blend containing between 30% and 50% expanded tobacco and a
cigarette paper having a Coresta value between 9 and 11 would
result in a cigarette having the: desirable “low ignition"
properties. Although these modifications. gave the desired “low
ignition" properties the cigarettes smoked very bland and were
undesirable when compared to a control Newport..

A blend containing 30% Burley/Flue: cured P.T. with increased
casing and. recasiing was developed to make the modified cigarette
smoke comparable to a control Newport. This combination in
addition to the low Coresta. cigarette paper yielded approximately
a 35-40% increase in CPM. Higher filtration and air dilution was
incorporated to reduce the CPM to the control. level.

Old Gold. and Golden Light "low ignition propensity" cigarettes
were also developed using the same: blend, casing and recasing
modifications.

Based on the Product Development. panel tests the test. samples were
found comparable tio the controls.

When this project was started it was. referred to as. “Self
Extinguishing Cigarettes" Project B-337. As of December, 1990
this project will be referred to as “Low Ignition Propensity
Cigarettes," Project B-337.

Fabric ignition testing was done to determine if the test
cigarettes after all combined modifications were made, still
exibited low ignition properties. Also a series of analytical
tests were run. to determine if the smoke: chemistry had. changed.

SULST6ELS