See Re ee aE

July 21, 1989

ao ¢

Dr. Arnold S. Relman “oe
Editor-in-Chief

New England Journal of Medicine

10 Shattuck Street

Boston, MA 02115-6094

Dear Dr. Relman:

I have enclosed two copies of a manuscript entitled "A Cigarette
That Heats Rather than Burns Tobacco: Chemical and Biological
Studies" by J. D. deBethizy, M. F. Borgerding, D. J. Doolittle,
J. H. Robinson, K. T. McManus, C. A. Rahn, R. A. Davis, G. T.
Burger, J. H. Reynolds and A. W. Hayes that we would like you to
consider for publication in the New England Journal of Medicine.
The manuscript has been approved by all of the authors.

Our manuscript describes a series of studies which evaluated the
smoke chemistry and biological activity of a cigarette that heats
rather than burns tobacco which was developed by R. J. Reynolds
Tobacco Company. The significant findings reported were large
reductions in the yields of many chemicals from the new cigarette
and that these reductions were associated with a reduction in
urine mutagenicity in smokers. A recent editorial by Dr. Neal A.
Benowitz that appeared in the June 15, 1989 issue of the Journal
called for a "worldwide attempt to reduce the yields of toxic
substances and to make the yield of all cigarettes as low as
possible." Our studies demonstrate that a cigarette that heats

rather than burns tobacco can achieve substantial reductions in
the yields of many compounds.

The manuscript has been reviewed by Dr. Peter Dews from Harvard
Medical School, Dr. Robert Neal from Vanderbilt and Dr. Martin
Cline from the UCLA School of Medicine. All three reviewers felt
that the studies described in this manuscript would be of great
interest to the vast majority of medical professionals. They
wholeheartedly recommended that we submit the paper to the New
England Journal of Medicine.

We suggest the following reviewers based on their experience and

G66e 6L60S