PUFF BY PUFF PROJECT ( B-459):

Aging Study .
Emily Cochran continued her study of puff by puff menthol, TPM,
DPM and nicotine deliveries with cigarette aging. The puff by
puff analyses after one month of aging were completed and the
data was compiled. The objective of the study is to determine
the impact of both cigarette age and storage conditions on the
puff by puff profiles of cigarettes. Cigarette cartons have been
stored in three areas; the laboratory, the conditioning room and
the cold room in the Pilot Plant.

Newport XM

Samples of Kool 85mm (code 287) and a Product Development Newport
XM 85mm (code 684) were analyzed by Emily Cochran for puff by
puff menthol and TPM. The puff by puff profiles of the two
cigarettes were compared, memo 10/20/94. The menthol levels
delivered in puffs two through five for Newport XM 85mm ciga-
rettes were greater than the corresponding values for Kool 85mm
cigarettes. The total menthol delivered by Kool 85mm is about
22% less than that delivered by the Newport XM 85mm.

BIODEGRADABLE FILTERS PROJECT (B-495):

B. J. Craven continued to gather information on biodegradable
cigarette filters. Patents of interest have been requested

BUDGETS FOR 1995:
The Analytical Development Section continued to provide Dr. Jack
Reid with all materials and justifications required for his
defense of our 1995 budget. The proposed purchases of the
following 1995 capital budget items were justified in memoranda
distributed during October.

1. Replacement HPLC pump (Prakash, memo 10/18/94)

2. Varian 8200 autosampler (Sudholt & Cochran, memo
10/13/94)

3. Static headspace sampler (Sudholt & Striegel, memo
10/13/94)

4. Replacement GC-MS (Sudholt & Stepnowski, memo 10/13/94)

5. ATR IR-PLAN objective (Stevens, memo 10/14/94)

we

OZTTSy68