FTIR analysis of the chars py Rob Stevens snowed that useful
information couid not be cbtained with our current FTIR system.
An ATR (attenuated reflectance) opjective for the IR-PLAN
microscope, nas been approved for purchase in July 1995. The new
ATR objective may allow comparison of the chars by infrared
analysis, however, preparing a nomogeneous sample will be diffi-
cult.

Jennifer Johnson suggested that 4 comparison of the chars using
solid phase NMR analysis may be possible if a sample of the
chars, without fabric, could be obtained. Jennifer has previous-
ly analyzed carbon samples using solid phase NMR analysis.

The CDS Pyroprobe-GC-MS analyses of the fabrics, performed by
Dick Striegel, produced a complex mixture of volatile compounds.
Dick analyzed the data and consulted with E-Chung. No relevant
differences between the fabric volatiles have been detected. A
meeting has been scheduled with Dave Grider and E-Chung to
discuss the analytical results and future experimentation.

Corrosion of PVA Glue Pots

Rob Stevens and Dave Smart have obtained a material which is
resistant to acetic acid and can be applied to the surface of our
current glue pots. The material is a polymer which can be bonded
to the aluminum surface of the glue pots. Dave Smart coated a

glue pot with the material and B. J. Craven examined the coating
using an optical microscope.

Rob Stevens arranged a meeting with Dave Smart, Jim Harris, Dick
Dixon and Kenny Carper to plan an accelerated wear test of the
coated glue pot. Cleaning procedures for the coated pot were
discussed. The coated glue pot will be re-examined after the
extended wear test is complete.

Dave Smart and Rob Stevens have been observing the glue pot
cleaning process in the plant. They have suggested that dirty
glue pots be cleaned immediately after Friday â€œshut down*. As an
alternative to this suggestion, they have recommended that dirty
pots be soaked in a bucket of water between the time on Friday
when they are last used and Sunday when they are cleaned.

Identification of Unknown Paper Additive in Salem Preferred

Samples of Salem Preferred 100mm and Salem Preferred Lights 100mm
cigarettes were received for paper analysis. RJR has stated that
the Preferred cigarette paper contains an additive which reduces
the odor of the side stream smoke and increases the smoothness of
the smoke.

wi

STTTSP6s