Future plans for the project in 1995 will also be presented in
the report. Rob has discussed the various aspects of the project
with members of the Analytical Development Section. Future
activities include 1) studying phosphine kill levels for beetles,
2) completing fate studies of phosphine and 3) working with
Calgon to develop an economically viable system to remove phos-
phine from warehouse air after fumigations are complete. Im-
proved control of phosphine concentrations in our warehouses
during fumigations will also be investigated.

CIGARETTE MODIFICATION PROJECT (B-459):

Aruna Prakash distributed a memorandum regarding the results
obtained for phenols in the smoke of test cigarettes number
1339,1411-1415, 1437 and 1438, memorandum 10/5/94. Differences
were observed in the levels of phenolic compounds in the smoke of
the cigarette samples.

Aruna Prakash completed the analysis of the phenolic compounds in
the smoke of test cigarettes number 1500, 1501 and 1502, memoran-
dum 10/25/94. No significant differences in the level of pheno-
lic compounds in the smoke were observed.

TESTING PROJECT (H-414):

Aruna Prakash distributed a memorandum which described the final
results from her analysis of theobromine in rat serum samples,
memo 10/24/94. In addition, the HPLC method, utilizing an
ultrafiltration clean-up procedure, which was developed for the
analysis of low levels of theobromine in serum, is described.
Both the ultrafiltration and protein precipitation methods were
used to analyze rat serum samples for theobromine, memo 10/24/94.
Serum samples from rats that had been orally dosed with cocoa
were found to contain theobromine using both methods.

Results from the analysis of smoke inhalation serum samples
indicated that theobromine was not detected in the male and
female sham controls, male and female reference 1200 samples and
male test 1200 samples. The female test 1200 serum samples
indicated an average of 54 ng of theobromine in 200 ul of serum.
The levels of theobromine in the female test serums were at or
below the detection limits of the HPLC-UV method. No theobromine
was detected in the female test 1200 serum samples when the
analyses were repeated with additional aliquots of serum.
Samples of female serums have been saved and a confirming LC-MS
analysis for theobromine is planned.

STLITSH6S