os

Di

 

Ga
CONFIDENTIAL © S28ecces Tebsce Comeany
Winston-Salem. NC. 27102 :

INTEROFFICE MEMORANDUM rary 22) Soon

ROR
March 7, 1985

Dr. G. R. Di Marco

APPLIED R&D WEEKLY STATUS REPORT

G-7 Extract Blending .

An alternate approach to G-7 preparation which features
blending of extracts for application to a base sheet has looked
promising on initial tests. A second series of pilot line tests
of G-7 extract blends is scheduled for March 18, 1985. Four ex-
perimental G-7 products from a previous test are to be incorpo-
rated into WINSTON KS products for consumer testing. Scheduling
for this test is currently being arranged through the Full Flavor
Non-Menthol Matrix Team.

Increased Oriental Scrap in G-7

Work is underway to utilize oriental scrap, which was pre-
viously added directly to blends, in G-7. Tests have been ini-
tiated to determine the effect of added Oriental scrap on G-7
smoking quality. Oriental scrap levels of 4%, 6%, and 8% of G-7
blend will be tested on the raw materials panel. SED discrimina-
tion panel testing of four major brands containing the test G-7
will be performed.

Hercules Co-Extruded Polypropylene Film

Hercules has submitted a sample of a new co-extruded poly-
propylene film for evaluation. A test has been scheduled for the
week of March 13 to evaluate this film. The purpose is to
develop a film that will possess moisture barrier properties
equivalent to currently used Norprop co-extruded film. A 30-day
moisture loss study will be conducted using Norprop co-extruded
as the control.

0610 LZHOS —

|
|