The following compounds were sent out for testing in April:
B0O30, BO65, BO75, B131.

ACUTE TOXICITY STUDY IN RATS (Hazleton Laboratories America)

The following compounds were sent out for testing in April:
A017, AO55, B212.

The following reports were received for review: A078, B199,
B200, B201.

RANGE-FINDING STUDY IN RATS (Hazleton Laboratories America)

The following reports were received for review: A083, A178,
A199.

ACUTE CARDIOVASCULAR AND RESPIRATORY EFFECTS STUDY (HRC)

A site visit was made to Huntingdon Research Center (HRC) in
March. At this time, protocol revisions were discussed with
Dr. Derek Algate and finalized. After a satisfactory review
of the facility, a contract was signed. HRC will test 32
compounds during the 1987 calendar year at a rate of 4 per
month.

The following compounds were sent out for testing in April:
B198, B201, B202, B204.

HEPATIC ENZYME INDUCTION (Microbiological Associates)

A new protocol was initiated which incorporated a range-
finding study for compounds submitted in March. This
protocol will serve as a generic protocol for all compounds
submitted for this test. A draft "compound specific
protocol" was sent to R. David (MBA) for review. The format
for this protocol will be finalized in May and issued for
compounds submitted in May.

A review of the results of all active compounds submitted
for HEI testing to date has been completed, and a list of
potential candidates for repeat testing has been made.

The following reports were received for review: A121, A165,
A176, A178, B198, B203.

Corrections were requested for the following reports: BO034,
B199, B202.

6E89S848