report for the Main Teratology Study for D036 was
received for review.

Argus Research

An interim report for the repeat study with D001 was
received. No fetal toxicity was found; skeletal
evaluation is being concluded. The in-life phase of
the repeat study with D007 was completed. An interim
report is pending.

11. COMPOUND INFORMATION UPDATE

A.

General

B137, B138, B140, B142, B143, B147, B172 and B174 were
withdrawn from the testing program via memo from
H. Smith, 04-15-87.

Also, two compounds were renamed as follows: B100 is
now Peppermint Oil, Natural 7215459 and B144 is now
Linalyl Acetate RY26362.

Information Search Summaries (I.S.S.)

Draft I.S.S. reports for compounds B034, B135, B153,
B158, B166, B212, and Citral were submitted to

‘-T. Volimuth for review. A request was made by

Dr. F. Schultz to prepare I.S.S. reports for the
following compounds: Fusel oil, Amyl alcohol, Isoamyl
alcohol, Rum (update), Glutamine, and Propyl paraben.
Library searches have been completed for these compounds.

12. GENERAL INFORMATION

A.

Meeting Attendance

J. D. Heck and T. A. Vollmuth attended the International
Life Sciences Institute Conference on "The Design and
Interpretation of Inhalation Studies and Their Use in
Risk Assessment" in Hanover, West Germany from March
23rd to 27th. T. A. Vollmuth attended the "Inter-
national Conference on the Physical and Chemical
Processes Occurring in a Burning Cigarette" in Winston-
Salem, N.C. from April 26th to 29th.

Monitoring Visits

During the March trip to Europe, site visits were
conducted at Huntingdon Research Center, Huntingdon,
England and Toxicol Laboratoriés in Ledbury, England.
Toxicol Laboratories appeared to have adequate

Lo69SeLg