YER8801.92W . Page 2
eee Pager?

and forwarded the results to Market Dynamics for inclusion in the analysis.
Preliminary analyses of both the subjective questionnaire responses and the
puffing behavior showed significant clustering in both data sets,
indicating the existence of groups of smokers in the Full-Flavor,
Non-Menthol (FFNM) category who exhibit different smoking behaviors. These
results are in agreement with previous work. Data from this study are still
being analyzed. ,

Dr. Pritchard supported the collection of psychometric data in the

Project HSB four-cities field test. Sufficient copies of three types of
psychological questionnaires were obtained for the project. MDD personnel
were instructed how to score the three questionnaires.

Dr. Pritchard performed a preliminary analysis of relations among
personality/smoking motivation measures and human smoking behavior
parameters for the 1987 WINSTON-Marlboro study. A total of 41 subjects
having complete smoking behavior measures and valida psychometric data were
analyzed. A principal components analysis was performed on the data to
assess the intercorrelations among the above variables, plus gender and
usual brand. Six factors, individually accounting for at least five percent
of the variance, were extracted.

Factor 1 included Average Pressure Drop, Maximal Pressure Drop, Average
Flow, Average Power, Average Work, and Average Volume. This factor was
related to puffing "intensity" and was not related to the
Restful/Relaxation scale measure, i.e., smokers who take intense puffs
report that they do not smoke for purposes of relaxation.

Factor 3 had positive loadings on Average Work, Average Duration, Average
Frequency, Average Volume, and a negative loading on Number of Puffs. This
factor was related to a pattern of taking long, large, but relatively
infrequent puffs and was positively related to Trait Anxiety and Trait
Anger. The factor was greatest for Marlboro smokers and for men, a finding
consistent with earlier work, which found that WINSTON-smoking females
tended to take a relatively larger number of smaller puffs.

Factor 5 was related to a pattern of taking short puffs with a quick rise
and fall and was related positively to Trait Anger and negatively to
Automatic/Habitual Smoking. It was also more characteristic of WINSTON
smokers.

Factor 6 was related negatively to Average Frequency and positively to the
Restful/Relaxation and Intellectual Stimulation/Curiosity measures. This
factor, related to the taking of short pauses between puffs, was more
characteristic of women.

Factors 2 and 4 were related to psychometric data alone and not to any of
the smoking behavior measures. Factor 2 was related to neuroticism, anger
and anxiety, while factor 4 was related to neuroticisn.

2. Identify, through established lines of communication, emerging
opportunities to apply Biobehavioral Division technology/expertise to
assist New Product Technologies.

A. Design and execute 1988 Human Studies Program (8/88)

TTSG 6â‚¬STS

A study to compare a PREMIER prototype (SP-5) to a tobacco-burning
reference cigarette with regard to nicotine pharmacokinetics, human smoking
behavior and urine mutagenicity was executed on schedule. The study was
divided into two parts, a pharmacokinetic study and a urine mutagenicity