YER8801.92W Page 9
ee CGO F

Â»

 

B. Implement automatic entry and calculation of pad weights and gas phase
components. (12/88)

The hardware necessary to automatically record Cambridge pad weights and
gas phase component concentrations was received. Programming requirements
for this hardware were addressed, and a preliminary version of software for
automatic pad weight entry was successfully tested.

C. Develop an improved version of the Human Mimic Smoking Machine. (6/89)

During replication of puff-profiles collected in studies supporting NPT
(see Program 1, above), it was discovered that the current version of the
Human Mimic Smoking Machine (HMSM) could successfully replicate only about
one-third of the PREMIER prototype profiles. This resulted from
programming and design limitations of the HMSM which were exceeded by
smoking behaviors observed with the PREMIER prototype. Extensive testing
was done to identify the problem and software modifications were made that
resulted in approximately 90% of the PREMIER prototype profiles being
successfully replicated. This, however, could only be accomplished by
allowing the machine to accept very small timing differences between the
replicated profile and the original profile. Typically, these differences
were in the range of 3-5 seconds being added to the replicated profile over
the entire 6-8 minute smoking. These programming changes are not expected
to significantly impact the mainstream smoke yields obtained with the HMSM.

2. Develop techniques to determine the roles of human puffing on the
delivery of substances in smoke which elicit sensory responses.
Determine chemical compounds of interest. (7/88)

A literature survey of in-house and external databases yielded 750
citations. Those smoke components which may elicit sensory responses in
humans were identified. The positive or negative contribution of these
compounds to the flavor and quality of the smoke were noted also. A
summary report is in preparation.

STISS 6esTS

3. Maintain/improve methods for analysis of nicotine/cotinine in
biological matrices.

A. Develop and implement ELISA or RIA technique for rapid determination of
nicotine/cotinine. (10/88)

A proposal from Elcatech, Inc. to continue work in this area was rejected.
The development of an ELISA technique for nicotine and cotinine was
assigned to Dr. B. Hermann. The development of the technique was based on
the use of antibodies and antigens supplied by Dr. J. Langone (Baylor
College) and the use of reagents developed by Dr. Hermann. Plasma was
chosen as the matrix in which to develop the ELISA technique. Interfering
substances, speculated to be plasma proteins, prevented the determination
of nicotine in plasma at the required level of sensitivity. Treatment of
plasma with Sephadex G-25 was shown to remove approximately 99% of the
plasma proteins without significant effect on the nicotine content. Using
plasma that had been cleaned in this manner, a standard inhibition curve
was obtained. A 2 ng/ml nicotine level yielded an inhibition of 50%. This
indicated that the desired level of sensitivity can be attained. Ambient
nicotine in the laboratory environment prevented the further development of
this method. Dr. Hermann has left RJRT and no further work on the ELISA
technique is planned.