YER8801.92W Page 13
eee Ge TS

chronic elevation of corticosterone, which in turn regulates the levels
and/or activity of nicotine and corticosterone receptors. All of the
responses observed demonstrated genetic variations. These results may be
related to literature reports of the anxiolytic properties of nicotine.

b. Receptor Regulation - A newly developed quantitative autoradiography
technique was us√©d to produce detailed maps of receptor densities in
specific brain areas in rats and mice and to study changes in receptor
patterns after chronic nicotine exposure. The results indicated
significant differences in receptor patterns, both before and after chronic
nicotine infusion, between rats and mice and among strains of mice. The
primary brain areas involved were cortex, hypothalamus, hippocampus,
striatum, and thalamus.

c. Brain Electrophysiology - Studies in this area used hippocampal slices
to assess nicotine-evoked electrophysiological responses in brain.
Nicotinic antagonists known to block peripheral nicotinic receptors
produced electrophysiological enhancement in the mouse hippocampus,
suggesting that potentiation of these effects by nicotine itself may be
related to receptor desensitization. Effects of nicotine in the
hippocampus may be mediated by a low-affinity (bungarotoxin binding)
receptor subtype. Nicotine also appeared to affect electrophysiological
correlates of learning and memory, particularly in mouse strains known to
be better learners. The general effect appeared to be one of potentiation.

A detailed progress report on all of the above areas was submitted to RUJRT
for review. In addition, four manuscripts and three abstracts, in which
RJRT support was cited, were forwarded for review. A new proposal,
entitled "A Genetic Analysis of the Role of Nicotine in Stress and
Learning", was submitted for review and potential funding.

4. Evaluate and continue (if appropriate) work to develop and purify
antibodies to nicotinic receptors from rodent brain through extramural
contract research at the University of Bath, England. (Drs. G. G. Lunt and
S. Wonnacott, Co-P.I.'s) (Ongoing through 1989)

Drs. Susan Wonnacott and George Lunt made significant progress in several
areas of their RJRT-supported research in 1988, as follows:

a. Purification of Nicotine Binding Sites from Rat Brain - An FPLC (Fast
Protein Liquid Chromatography) method was used to obtain partial enrichment
of the two major receptor subtypes in brain. Significant progress was also
made in the synthesis of anatoxin derivatives for use in affinity
chromatographic receptor purification.

b. Nicotine-evoked Neurotransmitter Release - Detailed biochemical and
pharmacological profiles of nicotine-evoked GABA (Gamma Aminobutyric Acid)
release from hippocampal synaptosomes were obtained, giving important
insights into the properties of the nicotine receptor's ion channel.

ccSS 6ESTS

c. Antibody Studies - Anti-receptor antibodies (mAb270, mAb290) obtained
from Dr. Jon Lindstrom (Salk Institute) were used to purify nicotine
receptor-bearing hippocampal synaptosomes. Apparently, about 15 % of the
nerve terminals in this brain area have nicotine receptors associated with
them.

qd. Chronic Nicotine Administration Studies - Administration of nicotine to
rats using either subcutaneous injections or continuous infusion with Alzet
minipumps resulted in a significant upregulation of high-affinity nicotine
receptors in whole brain, and in the striatum (where nicotine appears to