YER88&01.92W Page 14

affect dopamine release).

e. Molecular Biology Studies - Three synthetic oligonucleotides were
developed and radiolabeled for use in in situ hybridization experiments
using coronal sections of rat brain. These probes, together with mRNA
isolated from rat brain, are being used to study changes in receptor
synthesis in response to nicotine administration.

RJRT was cited in 2 manuscripts and 2 abstracts covering the above areas of
research during 1988. A progress report was received and reviewed. A
proposal for renewed funding was submitted and reviewed.

5. Evaluate and renew (if appropriate) studies at BGSM to define the
interaction of nicotine receptors with second messenger systems in neuronal
cells. (Dr. L. Daniel, P.I.). (Initiate by 3/88)

Dr. Larry Daniel, in collaboration with Dr. Robert Wykle, continued studies
to define the effects of nicotine on lipid metabolism in cultured cortical
neurons provided by RJRT. The results to date indicate a minimal effect of
nicotine on phosphatidylinositol turnover. Similarly, concentrations of
nicotine between 1 nM and 10 uM appear to have little effect on protein
kinase C activity. Neuronal cells do, however, have a very active lipid
metabolism in vitro, as shown by the latest results. Studies are presently
underway to determine whether nicotine affects the turnover of platelet
activating factor (PAF) or the interactions of PAF with its own receptor.
The striking structural similarities between acetylcholine, nicotine, and
PAF suggest that such interactions are possible.

A progress report was submitted to RJRT and a joint publication with Dr.
Lippiello is in preparation.

6. Evaluate and initiate (if appropriate) extramural studies to develop
anti-idiotypic antibodies to nicotine, to be used as structural,
anatomical, and functional probes of nicotine receptors in the CNS, at
Baylor College of Medicine (Dr. J. Langone, P.I.) (Initiate by 3/88)

Dr. John Langone submitted a proposal to develop anti-idiotypic antibodies
to nicotine to be used as probes to study the structural and functional
properties of nicotinic receptors in the brain. A contract was drawn up,
approved, and initiated. Dr. Langone provided purified monoclonal
anti-idiotypes to RJRT for testing in receptor binding assays and for use
in immunofluorescent localization studies.

â‚¬zss 6eSts

A detailed progress report was submitted to RJRT and a joint publication
with Dr. Lippiello is in preparation.

7. Continue funding of studies on the neurophysiological and neurochemical
effects of nicotine on specific brain neurotransmitters, at the Institute
of Psychiatry, University of London. (Dr. J. A. Gray, P.I.)

Dr. Jeffrey Gray (Institute of Psychiatry, London) forwarded a detailed
progress report on "Neurochemical and Behavioral Studies of Interactions
between Cholinergic and Adrenergic Brain Systems Using Chronic Nicotine
Administration". This work represented Dr. Gray's second year of funding
from RJRT. His studies using in vivo voltammetry and microdialysis yielded
the following results:

a. Acute administration of nicotine enhanced catecholamine synthesis in the