YER8801.92W Page 7
ooo eeeSeeeeSeeseSeseFSeeSeFeeFsSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS Page

significantly less annoying than that from the K1R4F cigarettes.

d. Increasing the number of cigarettes smoked in each 2-hour test session
elevated the mean nicotine concentrations in the air by approximately 75%
and almost quadrupled the concentrations of salivary nicotine.

e. Ballot ratings of sensory attributes "tracked" the increases and
decreases in the concentrations of ETS constituents.

f. Respiratory frequency was significantly reduced by ETS from the K1R4F
cigarette.

Based on the results of the second pilot study, only minor additional
changes were made in the experimental design for the final study. In the
final study, psychophysical and physiological responses (sensory attribute
ratings, eye blink rate, respiratory behavior, ETS constituents in saliva
and urine) of 11 male non-smokers (18-24 years old) were measured during
2-hour exposures to each of the following ETS conditions: a) K1R4F
cigarette; b) NOW cigarette; c) PREMIER prototype and @) clean air. In
each smoking session, a pair of smokers smoked two cigarettes during each
of eight, six-minute smoking periods. For the clean air condition smokers
"puffed" on unlit cigarettes.

The key results from this study are as follows:

a. For the two cigarettes that burn tobacco, concentrations of ETS
constituents were at least three times higher than are typically reported
in field sampling studies.

b. Throughout most of the time after smoking began, no statistically
significant differences were seen in the ratings of ETS from the K1R4F and
NOW cigarettes, which were both rated as more annoying than either ETS from
the PREMIER prototype or clean air. With the exception of the Odor
Strength ratings after the first 6-minute smoking period, ratings of ETS
from the PREMIER prototype were not statistically significantly different
from those of clean air.

c. Some respiratory parameters revealed differences between the conditions.
For example, both K1R4F and NOW significantly lowered respiratory
frequency, as compared to either the clean air or PREMIER conditions. No
respiratory parameter discriminated between these latter two conditions.

d. Both respiratory and ballot responses were correlated with the
concentrations of nicotine, CO, and respirable suspended particles in the
environmental chamber.

Biobehavioral personnel presented their results from this study along with
members of the ETS and Toxicology Divisions to the Scientific Advisory
Board in November.

9TSS 6â‚¬STS

The question of accuracy of the infrared eyeblink detector used in the
above ETS studies was addressed through a series of validation experiments
whereby infrared detector counts were compared to actual eyeblinks as
recorded on video tape. The results of this study demonstrated a high
correlation between detector counts and actual eyeblinks and therefore the
use of eyeblink data in statistical analysis of human response to ETS was
deemed legitimate.

To support the study of human responses to ETS, nicotine and cotinine