YER8&801.92W ' Paget
oo eeeeSSFSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSssSeeeeeeeeeS age 1
* not depend upon de-proteinization of the sample was chosen. It is linear
over a range of concentrations of from 0.4 ug/ml to 100 ug/ml (0.04 mg/dl
to 10.0 mg/dl).

A study was executed in conjunction with Roche Biomedical Laboratories,
Inc. to compare their continuous flow analysis for SCN with the method
chosen by us. The sensitivity of their method was approximately 7 times
less than that of ours.

An R&DM describing the SCN method was written. A manuscript describing the
SCN data obtained during the 1987 and 1988 Human Studies Programs is in
preparation.

D. Implement HPLC-EC method for determination of catecholamines and
metabolites in plasma and urine. (9/88)

Progress was made on implementation of an analysis for catecholamines in
plasma and urine. Recovery of the catecholamines from standards made up in
either deionized distilled water or bovine serum was approximately 90%
using liquid-liquid extraction. Linearity of response to the calibration
standards was established and the precision of the method was determined.
The linearity of the response for epinephrine covers a range of from 10 to
1000 pg/ml. The lower limits of detection and quantitation for
norepinephrine were established at 20 pg/ml and 40 pg/ml, respectively. A
linear response range of from 20 to 1000 pg/ml was established for
dopamine. Discussions were held with technical staff at ESA and Waters
Corporation to explore further methodological improvements.

Program 3. Neurophysiology of Nicotine
{ Personnel: Lippiello, Robinson }

1. Evaluate and continue (if appropriate) support for extramural program
studying the effects of nicotine on selected brain areas using in vitro
slice techniques and in vivo behavioral techniques. (Bowman Gray School of
Medicine, Dr. S. A. Deadwyler, P.I.) (Ongoing through 1/89)

Excellent progress was made in Dr. Deadwyler's laboratory in 1988.
Electrophysiological studies using the hippocampal and hypothalamic slice
preparations were concluded as outlined in Dr. Deadwyler's original
proposal. The article "Cholinergic Excitation of Supraoptic Neurons in
Hypothalamic Slices of Rat" (Gribkoff, Christian, Robinson, Deadwyler and
Dudek) appeared in Neuropharmacology. Two manuscripts describing the
results of a series of intracellular recording studies were received for
review, along with Dr. Deadwyler's 1988 progress report.

Two learning tasks were established to study the effects of nicotine on
learning, memory and performance in rats. Doses of nicotine in the 0.5
mg/kg range did not appear to affect the performance of the animals in
stimulus-discrimination or delayed-matching-to-sample tasks. A detailed
report is in preparation.

@2SS 6â‚¬STSs

A patch-clamp recording laboratory was established in Dr. Deadwyler's
laboratory. This technology will be used to assess the effects of nicotine
on cell-membrane single-ion-channel functions that ultimately lead to
signal transduction in the central nervous system.

2. Evaluate and continue funding (if appropriate) of program studying the