December 22, 1986

TO: J. A. Herberger
FROM: D. W. Shouse

RE: 1987 Federal Excise Tax Increase

This provides a program recommendation to manage the impact of a
potential excise tax increase effective October 1, 1987.

I. Overview

Consideration will be given in the 100th Congress to
increasing the Federal Excise Tax on cigarettes in 1987.

RJR Public Affairs predicts that if an increase is in fact
legislated, there is a 70% probability it would take effect
October 1, 1987, and a 30% probability it would be effective
July 1, 1987. In either case, the most likely increase will
be either 8¢ or 10¢ per pack.

Depending on the timing and magnitude of an increase,
Industry volume is expected to decline 2.9% to 3.8% as a
result. These declines are incremental to the forecast
industry baseline trend (-1.7%). RIJRT volume is estimated
to experience a commensurate decline with total Industry.
This estimate is based on the fact that RJRT currently has
its fair share, or 32.3% of the Savings Segment.
Consequently, RJRT is expected to maintain share.

While RJRT volume should not decline disproportionately
versus the total Industry, it is expected that a significant
shift in Full Price vs. Savings Brand volume mix will occur.
For example, under an 8¢ increase effective 10/1/87
scenario, RJR Full Price volume is projected to decline
about 1.7 billion and Savings volume projected to increase
by .4 billion. The shift in mix is more demonstrative for
the full year 1988 as Full Price volume is down over 10
billion units with Savings volume up almost 5 billion.

II. 1987 Volume/Profit Impact

Volume and profit impact of an FET increase and recommended
action plan assume an 8¢ increase effective October 1, 1987,
since this scenario appears to be most likely. Sensitivity
analyses of other possible scenarios are included as
appendixes.

£7LO 8099S

RIR volume is projected to decline 1,347MM units in 1987 as
a result of an FET increase with losses on full-price brands
offsetting gains on DORAL and CENTURY. This shift in mix
results in a negative profit impact of $29.6M.