cup

FILE norel‚Äù )y, 7?

SUBJECT: Di ions in D mber 12.

The following was agreed:

l.

A KOOL CPT needs to be put into place as soon as possible
in order to gauge our recommended product against the grow-
ing SALEM Lights product. Linc Lewis and Herb Woertz
please liaise.

It was agreed to conduct group discussions with the younger
franchise smokers in order to better evaluate current KENT
films. Clearly, the smokers in the previous group discus-
sions were older than the smokers who currently are going
to imported American products.

It was agreed in principle to put a charcoal filter on KENT
Parent King Size and Deluxe as well as raise the delivery
to the 15 or 16 mg. level. Linc Lewis and Herb Woertz
please make a recommendation on product.

It was agreed to introduce KENT Luxury Mild 100's in hinge
lid format at Yen 250/280 in order to upgrade the image of
KENT and to compete in the growing 250/280 category.

It was agreed to focus our support towards growth in the
higher priced segments. Accordingly, Joel Silverstein will
revise the spend plan on LUCKY STRIKE to ensure that it is
optimal even if this means reducing some support on KENT.

Joel Silverstein will review the analyticals on VOGUE and
CAPRI Menthol versions. There are trade reports that
triers of CAPRI Menthol are returning to VOGUE Menthol, and
the region believes that there may be a product difference
which explains this. Prior to doing any CPT's, it is
necessary to get a full analytical evaluation. Linc Lewis
and Herb Woertz please do the same here and give us a view.

Joel Silverstein will prepare a plan for expansion and sup-
port of CAPRI for discussion here in Louisville. It is to
be here in early January.

A capital proposal will need to be developed for the sales

force software program. Joel Silverstein will have that
here by the first week of January.

632000720