)

 

|

 

 

 

 

 

W. ALTON JGNeS
CELLSCIERCe CENTER

Leonard FE. Benade, Ph.D.
Grant #1719

Description: Dr. Benade proposes to isolate and characterize a gene which
suppresses the action of the oncogene Kirsten RAS. He will do this by
first isolating human cells, HOS, with two copies of RAS so that mutants
which lose oncogenecity will not be due to loss of RAS. He will then look
for revertants which no longer express the transformed phenotype after
mutagenesis. He will partially select for such cells using oubain.
Revertants are more resistant. He will check these revertants for
rescuabable virus, inability to grow in agar and inability to produce
tumors in nude mice. Such cells will be fused with mouse NIH 3T3 cells
which have been transformed with Kirsten sarcoma virus. Hybrids with
suppressed oncogenecity will be selected with oubain. Since human chromo-
somes are preferentially lost in mouse-human hybrids, the suppressed cells
should with time have Tess and less human DNA. Human DNA will be isolated
from such cells, using alu sequences as a probe. This DNA will be used to
transfect Kirsten transformed mouse cells and suppressed cells will be
selected with oubain. Dr. Benade expects to eventually clone the suppressor
gene.

Critique: The idea is a good one and the isolation of a gene which sup-.
presses an oncogene will add greatly to our understanding of
carcinogenesis. He has a very good publication record. Overlap with
pending NIH application should be examined.

Recommendation: Approval - Merit A.

Ae H, Sato, oz por

50244186