jl

significant, negative relationship between exposure to ETS in
social situations and the incidence of lung cancer. There was a
slight negative, but not statistically significant, relationship
between ever having lived with a spouse who smoked and the
incidence of lung cancer; and an equally slight positive, but not
Statistically significant relationship between an adult living
with a smoker for 25 or more smoker years and the incidence of
lung cancer. The investigators also found a slight nonsignificant
negative relationship between being exposed to ETS in the
workplace and the incidence of lung cancer. One statistically
significant positive relationship was found: When a child or
adolescent lived with smokers for 25 or more smoker years a
statistically significant relationship between exposure to ETS and
lung cancer was found?.

The social bias in this article is obvious. The
investigators reported all these findings but the way they were
reported, and the emphasis placed on the results, violate the
norms of science. Scientists often value counterintuitive
findings far more than findings which are consistent with our
intuitions, Indeed, anomalous findings are valued because they
refute commonly held ideas that may be wrong. A single anomalous
finding is certainly not conclusive, but it is something that
should be emphasized in a report of research. The investigators
did report such a finding, the statistically significant negative
relationship between exposure to ETS in social settings and the
incidence of lung cancer in the text of their article, but they

did not report it in the abstract, and they dismissed the

@900 LSLTS