chemicals that are present in all plants, and that there has been
relatively little interest in the carcinogenicity of these
compounds until very recently. One of these substances,
aflatoxin, Ames, Magaw, and Gold argue, is present in peanut
butter and raw mushrooms. The average peanut butter sandwich and
a raw mushroom are 70 and 200 times more hazardous than ethylene
dibromide, a very useful fumigant, which was banned. The authors
conclude that their scale of carcinogenicity is not’a scale of
risks to humans but may be useful for setting priorities for
concern. They call for prudence with regard to the reduction of
pollution and the need to work out some balance between
chemophobia, with its high costs to the national wealth, and
sensible management of industrial chemicals‘.

These relatively modest statements provoked much interest
from the media and it is not hard to understand why. Some
implications of the work are obvious: Scientists and regulators
are persecuting chemical manufacturers; we are worrying about the
wrong things; and peanut butter and mushrooms may cause cancer.
Of course these are oversimplifications of Ames's ideas, but the
public has been prepared to accept similar oversimplifications by
the propaganda of substance condemners. There are other
implications that are not so obvious, but they lurk in the
background of these debates. The ordinary citizen may ask: If
scientists and the federal government are harassing chemical
manufacturers, why are they doing it? Why haven't we been told
that peanut butter and mushrooms cause cancer? Why are we

worrying about the wrong things? More sophisticated observers of

ESQ’ LSLTS