than the study just quoted, some less egregious. A systematic
analysis of the social bias present in the body of studies dealing
with lung cancer reviewed in the Surgeon General's! report and the
National Research Council's!1 report on the health effects of
environmental tobacco smoke will appear in a monograph, a draft of
which we recently completed. The title of the monograph is likely
to be, Science In the Service of Political Purpose,

Let us describe a fascinating example of social bias in
another study of the relationship of ETS to lung cancer. The
study is interesting because the investigators acknowledged that
the results linking ETS to lung cancer were contradictory; and
where previous results were positive, the risk ratios were low.
The investigators set rigorous criteria for making statements that
link ETS to lung cancer; they made more refined measures of
exposure and required a dose-response relationship between
exposure to ETS and lung cancer. The investigators found no dose-
response relationships and no statistically significant
relationships between a variety of measures of exposure to ETS and
the incidence of lung cancer. The pervasive social bias found in
studies of this kind was present in this study which attempted to
be rigorous and objective. In their discussion the investigators
said, "It was troubling to find that in both types of analysis,
the RR (risk ratios) for the lowest amounts of exposure were among
the highest values." The investigators made other statements that
reveal that they thought results were "better" when they showed a
consistent link between exposure to ETS and lung cancer!?, our

analysis of this study makes it clear that these investigators

1)
e
â€œJ
uo
sl
bh

S

n
ND