Should we condemn the investigators for these deficiencies?
Perhaps, but we think it is more important to. understand the
limitations of scientific inquiry that make such behavior
inevitable. The fault lies more in the structures and the
discourse than in the persons. There is a considerable body of

literature on the social analysis of science that argues that

objective inquiry is inadequate to solve questions of value and

policy. The ideas have ancient roots in Plato's cave and Bacon's
idols, and are expressed today in social analyses of science,
knowledge, social problems, and social movements?. Our thesis is,
not that one shouldn't ask what is the risk --- that is a bit of
provocation, we must ask what is the risk --- but that we should
also ask questions about the intellectual and social forces and
the social movements which produce the accusations of risk.

We all are, or should be, indebted to Bruce Ames and his
collaborators, and to Alvan Feinstein. These people, wearing the
cloak of science tried to tell the world that the substance
condemners are not "doing the right thing." Ames's article with
Renae Magaw and Lois Gold generated considerable public attention.
Many of you, we are sure, read that article. The authors argued
that animal cancer tests are not reliable predictors of human
risks of cancer. They also offered another more important thesis,
that there are many natural chemicals which are more potent
carcinogens than pesticide residues in foods. They said that the
average daily intake of DDE, the principal metabolite from DDT, is
no more carginogenic than the amount of chloroform in one glass of

tap water. They also argued that there are natural toxic

vi
BH
â€œI
wn
~
b
s
a
tN