significance of the finding in one sentence. â€œThe apparent
protective effect of exposure in social settings is difficult to
explain"?, An unbiased investigator would have emphasized this
finding, calling for further research to confirm or deny this
counterintuitive result. The investigators did what a biased
investigator would have done, dismiss the finding. In addition,
this rather remarkable finding was not included in the abstract of
the paper, so those who read only the abstract would not learn of
the finding.

Not surprisingly, the discussion section of the article
emphasized the one statistically significant positive finding, the
link between childhood exposure to ETS and an increased risk of
Jung cancer. Much of the remainder of the discussion section was
@edicated to explaining why the absence of positive results from
exposure in the workplace and from the spouses of smokers could
have been the result of methodological factors. Given the results
of this study, an investigator who conformed to the norms of
science should have stated that the results of the study do not
confirm those previous studies reporting statistically significant
increased risks for lung cancer. Instead the article, deeply
riddled by what we call social bias, concludes, "The evidence we
report lends further support to the observation that passive
smoking may increase the risk of subsequent lung cancer, and it
suggests that it may be particularly important to protect children
and adolescents from this environmental hazard".

There are numerous other examples of such social bias in the

literature associating ETS with lung cancer, some more egregious

T9OP LGLTS