accepted scientific standards: a stipulated hypothesis, a well
specified cohort, high-quality data, analysis of attributable
actions, and avoidance of detection bias. He then proceeded to
reveal the offenses against science and the public that were
committed when reserpine was falsely accused of causing breast
cancer, and coffee was falsely accused of causing pancreatic
cancer. He also discussed the questionable behavior of
investigators who assert that alcohol causes breast cancer. He
states, "In other branches of science substantial distress would
be invoked by conflicting results in different studies of the
three relationships discussed here, and in the 56 other disputed
associations that have been cited elsewhere. Authorities would
clamor for special conferences or workshops intended to identify
the methodologic defects and to institute suitable repairs. No
such clamor and no such workshops have occurred, despite these
conflicts and despite a prominent leader's public denunciation, 9
years ago, of the frequently poor basic scientific quality of
epidemiologic data"5.

Feinstein said that the substance condemners do bad science.
We say something different --- that many substance condemners are
not doing science at all, they are doing ideology, politics, and
material self-interest. The condemners of reserpine, coffee, and
alcohol did bad politics, ideology, and self-interest. Let us
turn to a group of substance condemners who do very effective
ideology, politics, and self-interest --- the members of the
antismoking movement who condemn environmental tobacco smoke

(ETS). Let us make clear that here we are talking about the

SSOt LSLTS