condemning ETS, and we examined the literature addressing the
relationship between ETS and lung cancer. We examined that
literature for bias, what we call social bias. Today, we have time
to talk briefly only of the social bias that pervades the
literature, and the violation of the norms of science by those who
study the relationship between exposure to ETS and the incidence
of lung cancer.

We all know of bias in empirical investigations. Some
Statistics may be biased estimators of population values.
Feinstein discussed detection bias, recall bias, and what he calls
Berkson bias, a bias in the patterns with which different diseases
are referred for hospitalization>. We call such biases technical
biases. We examined the literature addressing ETS and lung cancer
for what we call social bias. And we examined the documents
published by the antismoking movement for obvious violations of
the norms of science. We found much social bias and many
violations of the norms of science. We can only discuss these

briefly here.

The norms of science call for the separation of advocacy from
objective inquiry. Some prominent members of the antismoking
movement boast that they break down this distinction. In a
publication of the National Institutes of Health entitled, Media
Strategies for Smoking Control, they take pride in what they call
“creative epidemiology"®. We have all heard of creative statistics
and creative accounting --- cooking the books. Certain members of

the antismoking movement now add creative epidemiology to that

uw
e
s
ul
N
e
Ss
or
“I