literature addressing the relationship between exposure to
environmental tobacco smoke and illness, specifically lung cancer.
We are not talking about any relationship between direct or active
smoking and illness. Time does not permit us to tell the whole
story of how we got into examining the antismoking movement and
the evidence it generates to condemn environmental tobacco smoke.
Let us only say that before the first author started examining
this question his specialities were investigations of lying,
betrayal, sex, and genocide. He was, and is, a smoker of an
occasional cigar, and in the middle 1980's the antismoking
Movement started to abuse him. He does not take abuse silently,
and since he had read the Surgeon General's report of 1964, which
said that there was no increase in mortality if one smoked up to
four cigars a day, he was skeptical of the data condemning
environmental tobacco smokeâ€˜. He decided to take a critical look
at that data. He knew from the first that he could not get
support for a critical lock at the data condemning ETS from the
National Institutes of Health, but he thought he might have some
luck if he approached the Ford Foundation and the Carnegie
Corporation. He was quickly disabused of that notion when he was
rebuffed in ways that made clear that both of these foundations
were proud to be members of the antismoking movement, and wanted
no critical look at the ETS data. He turned to the tobacco
industry, and received support from that sector.

We did three things. We interviewed members of the
antismoking movement?; we attended professional meetings at which

the members of the antismoking movement present their findings

wn
~
~
on
NI
oN
S
w
a