significantly. The attributes of Burley and Ammonia-rekain unchanged
while the attribute of Sweet is generally increased Significantly with
decreases in Wet Total Particulate Matter CWTPM),

DISCUSSION

Before proceeding, I would like to comment on the rapid change in

attribute perceptualâ€™ magnitude which occures at low WTPM. Although it~

is possible that this represents the real rate change in perceptual
magnitude, I believe that it is more likely that the percent WTPM, as
calculated in Appendix A misrepresents the actual change in TPM,
Chambridge filter pads should filter in excesses of 99% of the TPM
from sidestream smoke. However, my calculations show that 15% of the
WTPM is passing through the intact Chambridge filter pad. Since this
probably does not represent actual TPM, it must consist Primarily of
water. If it is assumed that the attribute perception is not a
function of water, then the left end of each curve should be anchored
at or near the y-axis. Under this assumption, the penciled in crosses
might more accurately represent the true rate of change of perceptual
magnitude (see Graphs 2, 3 and 4),

The attributes of Eye Irritation, Nasal Irritation and Astringent
decrease monotonically with decreases in percent WIPM, The change in
the attributes of Eye Irritation and Astringent is fairly uniform over
the entire range of WIPM indicating, for product development, that
each unit reduction is WTPM will reduce these attributes in equal
steps. On the other hand, Nasa] Irritation seems to decrease when
WIPM is reduced from 100% to SO% than from 5@% to 10%, indicating that
a large portion of perceptual Nasal Irritation may be due to the top
5OX WIPM. Similarly, both Paper and Impact change much more when WIPM
is reduced from 100% to 5@% than from 5@% to 10%. Again, this
indicates that most of the perceptual Paper and Impact are due to top
SOX WIPM.

Burley and Ammonia do not change significantly within the confines of
this experiment

Sweet increases uniformly over the range of WIPM tested. As discussed
in Irritation Test 8 (AP2@) this increase is most likely the result of
a decrease in the attributes of Irritation. The uniform increase in
Sweet, with decreases in WIPM, 15 mirrored well by the approximately
uniform decrease in Eye and Nasal Irritation and Astringent seen with
the same decreases in WTPM.

The attribute of Ashtray first decreases and then increases with
decreases in WIPM such that the left and right ends of the curve are
not different in perceptual magnitude. I have no good explanation for
this u-shaped psychophysical function. However, if is possible. that
some of the chemicals responsible for the Ashtray attribute are
contained in the particulate matter, At low UTPM, with many of the
other attributes drastically reduced, Ashtray odor remains present
and, by comparison, is judged to be a major component of low WTPM
sidestream smoke therefore resulting in a higher perceptual magnitude.
This is a rather shakey explanation but will have to stand until
evidence is presented to the contrary.

h226 ELnOS