il.

12.

13.

14.

15.

16,

17.

“18.

19,

20.

2i.

Bibhegrebhy , ea

Tidwell, R.R., Fox, L.L.B., and Geratz, J.D. ‘ris-amidines. A new class
of highly active inhibitors of trypsin-like proteases, Biochim. Biophys.
Acta., 445:729-738, 1976.

Tidwell, R.R and Geratz, J.D. Aromatic tris-amidines. A new class of
highly active inhibitors of kallikrein, thrombin, and trypsin. 172nd
Meeting of the American Chemical Society, San Francisco, Cal., Aug.-Sept,

-1976, abstract — no. 50.

Geratz, J.D. and Tidwell, R.R. "The Development of Competitive Reversible
Thrombin Inhibitors. In "Chemistry and. Biology of Thrombin." R.L.
Lundblad, K.G. Mann. and J.W. Fenton, eds. Ann Arbor Science Publishers,
Inc., Ann Arbor, Michigan, July 1977.

Geratz, J.D. and Tidwell, R.R. Selective inhibition of platelet
agglutination and aggregation by aromatic amidino compounds . Thrombos.
Haemostas. 38:94, 1977. ,

Geratz, J.D. and Tidwell, R.R. Differential inhibition of thrombin and
factor Xa by novel synthetic inhibitors. Fed. Proc. 37:586, 1978.

Geratz, J.D., Tidwell, R.R., Brinkhous, K.M., Mohammad, S.F., Dann, 0., and-
Loewe, H. Specific inhibition of platelet agglutination and aggregation by
aromatic amidino compounds. .Thrombos, Haemostas. 39:411, 1978.

Geratz, J.D. and Tidwell, R.R. Current concepts on the action of synthetic
thrombin inhibitors. Haemostasis 7: 170, 1978.

Tidwell, R.R., Geratz, J. De, Dann, O., Volz, G., Zeh, D., and Loewe, HR.
Diarylamidine derivatives with one or both of the aryl moieties consisting
of: an indole or indole-like ring. Inhibitors of arginine-specific
esteroproteases. J. Med. Chem. 21:613, 1978.

Parrish, R.F., Straus, J.W., Paulson, J.D., Polakoski, K.L., Tidwell, R.R.,
Geratz, J.D. and Stevens, F.M. Structure-Activity. Relationships for the
Inhibition of Acrosin by Benzamidine Derivatives. J. Med. Chem.. 21:1132,
1978. .

Tidwell, R.R. and Geratz, J.D. Amidino-substituted heterocycles as probes
of the specificity pocket of proteases involved in coagulation and
fibrinolysis. Thrombos Haemostas, 24:204, 1979.

Geratz, I D., Stevens, F.M., Polakoski, K.L., Parrish, R.F., and miawell,-
R.R. Amidino-substituted aromatic heterocycles as probes of the

. Specificity pocket of trypsin-like proteases. Arch. Biochem. Biophy.

197:551, 1979.

 

50271745