JAMES DAVIS CURY, M.D.
PUBLICATIONS

ABSTRACTS

1.

Cury, J.D., Guthrie, T.H., Masood, S., Gaddis, T.G., and Lu,
L.: Epidermal Growth Factor Receptor Expression in
Cytologically Normal Bronchial Washings in Patients with Non-
Small Cell Lung Cancer. Clinical Research. 41:774A (1993).

JOURNAL ARTICLES:

1.

Campbell, E.Jd., Cury, J.D., Lazarus, C.J., and Welgus, W.G.:
Monocyte procollagenase and tissue inhibitor or
metalloproteinases: Identification, characterization, and
regulation of secretion. J. Biol. Chem. 262:15862-15868
(1987).

Cury, J.D., Campbell, E.J., Lazarus, C.J., Albin, R.d., and
Welgus, H.G.: Selective upregulation of human alveolar
macrophage collagenase production by lipopolysaccharide and
comparison to collagenase production by fibroblasts. J.
Immunol. 141:4306-4312 (1988).

Senior, R.M., Connolly, N.L., Cury, J.D., Welgus, H.G., and
Campbell, E.J.: Elastin degradation by human alveolar
macrophages: A prominent role of metalloproteinase activity.
Am. Rev. Respir. Dis. 139:1251~1256 (1989).

Welgus, H.G., Campbell, E.J., Cury, J.D., Eisen, A.Z., Senior,
R.M., Wilhelm, S.M., and Goldberg, G.I.: Neutral
metalloproteinases produced by human mononuclear phagocytes:
Enzyme profile, regulation and expression during cellular
development. J. Clin. Invest. 86(5):1496-502 (1990).

Campbell, E.J., Cury, J.D., Shapiro, ยง&.D., Goldberg, G.I.,
Welgus, H.G.: Neutral proteinases of human mononuclear
phagocytes. Cellular differentiation markedly alters cell
phenotype for serine proteinases, metalloproteinases, and
TIMP. Jd. Immunol. 146(4):1286-93 (1991).

Nicholson, J.P., Basile, S.A. and cury, J.D.: Massive
theophylline dosing in a heavy smoker receiving both phenytoin
and phenobarbital. Annals of Pharmacotherapy. 26:334-336
(1992)

Nicholson, J.P., Basile, S.A., and Cury, J.D.: Authors Reply:
Massive theophylline dosing in a heavy smoker receiving both
phenytoin and phenobarbitol. (Letter to the editor). Annals of
Pharmaceotherapy. 26:1018-19 (1992).

Cury, J.D., Harrington, P.T., and Hosein I.K.: Successful
medical therapy of Rhodococcus equi pneumonia in a patient
with HIV infection. Chest. 102:1619-1621 (1992)

Pauley, T.R. Magee, M.J., Humphreys, J., and Ccury, J.D.:
Results of a pharmacist managed, physician directed program to
decrease emergency department visits ina group of inner city

adult asthmatic patients. Annals of Pharmaceotherapy
(submitted).

50636687