10,

11.

12.

13.

 

Published Articles

DeLa Cadena R.A., Scott C.F., Colman R.W, Evaluation of a functional micro-

assay for determination of plasma prekallikrein. J. Lab. Clin. Med, 109:

601-607, 1987.

Colman R.W., Flores D.N., DeLa Cadena R.A., Scott C.F., Cousens L., Barr P.J.,
Hoffman I.B., Kueppers F., Fisher D., Idell S., Posarello J. Recombinant
alpha-l-antitrypsin Pittsburgh attenuates experimental gram-negative

septicemia. Am. J. Path, 130: 418-426, 1988.

DeLa Cadena R.A., Baglia F.A., Johnson C.A., Wenk R.E., Amernick R., Walsh
P.N., Colman, R.W. Naturally occurring antibodies against two distinct
functional domains in the heavy chain of factor XI (FXIa). Blood 72: 1748-
1754, 1988.

Colman, R.W., Scott C.F., Pixley R.A., DeLa Cadena R.A. The effect of heparin
on the inhibition of the contact system enzymes. i i
95-103, 1989.

Dela Cadena R.A., Laskin K.J., Sartor R.B., Schwab J.H., Back N., Bedi G.S.,
Fisher R.S., Colman, R.W. Role of the kallikrein-kinin System in the
pathogenesis of bacterial cell wall-induced inflammation. Am. J. Physio
260; G213-G219, 1991.

Pixley R.A., Cassello A., Dela Cadena R.A., Kaufman N., Colman, R.W. Effect of
heparin on the activation of factor XII and the contact system in plasma.
Thromb, Haemost. 66: 540-547, 1991.

DeLa Cadena R.A., Colman, R.W. The Sequence HGLGHGHEQOGHLGHGH in the light
chain of high molecular weight kininogen serves as a primary structural
feature for zinc-dependent binding to anionic surface. Protein Sci, 1: 151-
160, 1992,

Kunapuli $.P., DeLa Cadena R.A., Colman, R.W. Expression of high molecular
weight kininogen light chain: Role of carbohydrate in coagulant activity.
Thromb, Haemost. 67: 428-433, 1992.

Figueroa C.D., Henderson L.M., Kaufman J,, DeLa Cadena R.A., Colman R.W.,
Muller-Esterl W., Bhoola K.D. Immunovisualization of high (HK) and low (LK)
molecular weight kininogens on isolated human neutrophils, Blood 79: 784-759,
1992.

Pixley R.A., DeLa Cadena R.A., Page J.D., Kaufman N., Wyshock E.G., Chang A.,
Taylor F.B. Jr., Colman, R.W. The contact system contributes to hypotension
but not disseminated intravascular coagulation in lethal bacteremia. vd.Clin,
Invest, 91: 61-687, 1993.

Pixley R.A., Dela Cadena R.A., Page, J.D., Kaufman N., Wyshock E.G., Colman,
R.W., Chang A., Taylor F.B. Jr. Activation of the contact system in lethal

hypotensive bacteremia in a baboon model. Am._J, Pathol, 140; 897-906, 1992.

Kunapuli $.P., DeLa Cadena R.A., Colman, R.W. Detection mutagenesis of high
molecular weight kininogen light chain: Identification of two anionic surface
binding subdomains. J. Biol. Chem.: in press, 1993.

DeLa Cadena R.A., Suffredini A.F., Page J.D., Pixley R.A., Kaufman N., Parillo
J.E., Colman, R.W. Activation of the kallikrein-kinin system after endotoxin
administration to normal human volunteers. Blood: in press, 1993.

 

50618085