a

â€˜
intake retards the rate of aging and inhibits cancer formation led us to
speculate that DHEA treatment might produce similar effects. We found that
long-term DHEA treatment strongly inhibited breast cancer development in a
strain of mouse prone to the disease. -

Additional data that we have obtained in tissue culture experiments
suggest that DHEA blocks the tumor promotion phase of carcinogenesis and that
its anti-carcinogenic effect probably extends to many different organs. Our
in vivo data corroborate this. We have found that DHEA treatment blocks the
stimulation of cell division in mouse skin following the topical application
of a known tumor promotor, inhibits chemically induced lung tumor formation
in the mouse, and reduces the incidence of spontaneous fibromas in aging
Sprague-Dawley rats. Preliminary data also suggest that DHEA is effective
against chemically induced colon cancer in the mouse.

| Anti-Aging Effect

In addition to its anti-carcinogenic action, it is highly likely that DHEA
has an anti-aging effect. Very probably this is related to its inhibition of
weight gain, which, when achieved by caloric restriction, is well known to
retard the rate of aging. In our earliest experiments we observed that the
DHEA treated mice retained a more youthful appearance longer than the controls.
We have since found that DHEA treatment of NZB mice, a strain prone to the
development of autoimmune hemolytic anemia, inhibits the development of this
pathologic process. Old Sprague-Dawley rats which have been on DHEA treatment
for the past 10 months appear to have a lowered mortality than control rats.
This beneficial effect of DHEA in the rats in part may result from an inhibi-
tion in fibroma formation.

Clinical Trials

It is imperative that we attempt to undertake clinical trials with DHEA,